kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:0
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cue is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Brehm is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mancini is a painter. At the yoga studio, Cue, Brehm, and Mancini connected. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1
Kirkendall is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Lashbrook is a manager. Romines is a doctor. Kirkendall, Lashbrook, and Romines came across each other at the book club. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:2
Welling is a baker. Roudebush is a chef. Dunkle is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Dunkle, Welling, and Roudebush came across each other at the cooking class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:3
Galvez is a researcher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Crowley is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Allshouse is a newsreader. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the restaurant, Crowley, Allshouse, and Galvez met. The coffee cake is quite good. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:4
Carr is a tailor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Creager is a newsreader. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ogorman is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the charity car wash, Carr, Creager, and Ogorman ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:5
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cuello is a lifeguard. Foy is a newsreader. Turney is a real estate agent. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the book club, Turney, Cuello, and Foy met. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:6
Saulsberry is a manager. Hatter is a lecturer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Gatton is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the animal shelter, Hatter, Gatton, and Saulsberry ran into each other. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:7
Macko is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Seligman is a doctor. Gatling is a lifeguard. At the rock climbing gym, Macko, Gatling, and Seligman ran into each other. Going to a gym is the best idea to just focus on fitness goals. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:8
Boles is a bricklayer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Mcnab is a real estate agent. Homa is a manager. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mcnab, Boles, and Homa connected at the commuter bus. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:9
Pruneda is a plumber. Musser is a lifeguard. Dvorak is a tailor. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the high intensity class, Dvorak, Pruneda, and Musser ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:10
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Stroupe is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Kidd is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Defelice is a bookkeeper. At the partner dancing classes, Defelice, Stroupe, and Kidd met. Classes are well organized. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:11
Dickerson is a painter. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Bai is a lecturer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sottile is a bookkeeper. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the french class, Sottile, Bai, and Dickerson connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:12
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Aispuro is a painter. Gullett is a real estate agent. Bogardus is a tailor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bogardus, Gullett, and Aispuro came across each other at the community garden. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:13
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Cowherd is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Schirmer is a researcher. Sedgwick is a lifeguard. At the cafe, Sedgwick, Schirmer, and Cowherd met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. Ze reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:14
Prahl is a newsreader. Bruton is a baker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Reding is a painter. At the halloweeen party, Prahl, Bruton, and Reding ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:15
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Sandoval is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Body is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Balderrama is a newsreader. At the local talk, Body, Balderrama, and Sandoval connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:16
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sundberg is a bricklayer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Motes is a plumber. Roberge is a real estate agent. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the cooking class, Motes, Roberge, and Sundberg connected. Classes teach new things every week. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:17
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lederer is an author. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Rising is a plumber. Sand is a doctor. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the animal shelter, Rising, Lederer, and Sand met. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:18
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ong is a manager. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Woodford is a labourer. Ponton is a lifeguard. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the bar crawl, Ong, Ponton, and Woodford connected. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:19
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Tague is a labourer. Chafin is a real estate agent. Brickley is a painter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the commuter bus, Chafin, Tague, and Brickley met. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:20
Broadwater is a lecturer. Greenhaw is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mousseau is a florist. Mousseau, Greenhaw, and Broadwater came across each other at the animal shelter. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. Ze told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:21
Gelman is a bricklayer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Backes is a plumber. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Catalano is a baker. Gelman, Catalano, and Backes connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. It is important to work together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:22
Shu is an author. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Lynd is a manager. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Oyola is a bookkeeper. At the cooking class, Shu, Oyola, and Lynd ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:23
Mckelvey is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Welsh is a researcher. Mcclurg is a painter. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the halloweeen party, Mckelvey, Mcclurg, and Welsh connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:24
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Bencomo is a researcher. Pendergraft is a newsreader. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gasca is a real estate agent. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the gallery opening event, Pendergraft, Gasca, and Bencomo ran into each other. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:25
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Huitt is a lecturer. Conger is a researcher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Severson is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Conger, Huitt, and Severson came across each other at the party. The party is going to be full. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:26
Selzer is a mechanic. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Nunnally is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schiltz is a painter. At the halloweeen party, Schiltz, Nunnally, and Selzer ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:27
Mullenix is a baker. Givens is a newsreader. Sedgwick is a customer service representative. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the food and drink festival, Mullenix, Sedgwick, and Givens connected. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:28
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Huie is a mechanic. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Htoo is a lifeguard. Motto is a researcher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the hotel, Htoo, Huie, and Motto ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:29
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Bigler is a bricklayer. Horner is a lifeguard. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hauge is a translator. At the happy hours, Hauge, Bigler, and Horner met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:30
Ota is a bricklayer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Tamayo is a newsreader. Brigman is a baker. At the happy hours, Brigman, Ota, and Tamayo connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:31
Retzlaff is a bricklayer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Poulson is a translator. Mcguinness is a plumber. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the fitness class, Mcguinness, Retzlaff, and Poulson ran into each other. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:32
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Callihan is a painter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Jasinski is a lecturer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Kin is a bricklayer. At the design expo, Kin, Jasinski, and Callihan met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:33
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Charest is a translator. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Prejean is a bricklayer. Spier is a doctor. Prejean, Spier, and Charest came across each other at the power yoga class. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:34
Easterly is a newsreader. Bagwell is a lecturer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Kleist is a painter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the design expo, Easterly, Bagwell, and Kleist ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:35
Christopherson is a customer service representative. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bullen is a lecturer. Wash is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Bullen, Christopherson, and Wash came across each other at the halloweeen party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:36
Peete is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Armendariz is a chef. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Riehle is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Riehle, Peete, and Armendariz connected at the partner dancing classes. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:37
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Plemmons is a mechanic. Johansen is a manager. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Gullo is a painter. Plemmons, Gullo, and Johansen connected at the theme park. The picnic line is very short in this park. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:38
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Pauling is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Meagher is a newsreader. Effinger is a lecturer. At the charity car wash, Meagher, Pauling, and Effinger met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:39
Bretz is a doctor. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bastidas is a customer service representative. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Lusk is an author. At the partner dancing classes, Lusk, Bretz, and Bastidas connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:40
Loewen is a manager. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Cuadrado is a translator. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Hauge is a lecturer. Cuadrado, Hauge, and Loewen connected at the party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:41
Shifflett is a manager. Helm is a labourer. Wolcott is a florist. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Wolcott, Helm, and Shifflett connected at the partner dancing classes. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:42
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Folsom is a translator. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Beane is a tailor. Privette is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the charity car wash, Privette, Folsom, and Beane ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:43
Mosca is an author. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Wilbourn is a lifeguard. Knapp is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the gallery opening event, Mosca, Wilbourn, and Knapp ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:44
Kegler is an author. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Garvey is a labourer. Mcbryde is a mechanic. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the charity car wash, Mcbryde, Kegler, and Garvey met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:45
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Fails is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fedor is a researcher. Perales is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the restaurant, Perales, Fedor, and Fails ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:46
Marte is a customer service representative. Bagwell is a manager. Helt is a painter. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Helt, Marte, and Bagwell came across each other at the open gallery museum. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:47
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Stinson is a doctor. Boley is a baker. Hain is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the charity car wash, Stinson, Hain, and Boley connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:48
Baig is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Gingerich is a bookkeeper. Crandall is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Baig, Gingerich, and Crandall connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. The place is very beautiful. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:49
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Wimberley is a chef. Machuca is a mechanic. Lawhorn is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the restaurant, Wimberley, Lawhorn, and Machuca connected. One of the few spots for everyone. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:50
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Gillum is a translator. Lares is a doctor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Dressel is a lecturer. Lares, Dressel, and Gillum came across each other at the bar crawl. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:51
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Deo is a labourer. Bento is an author. Kuntz is a chef. Kuntz, Deo, and Bento connected at the halloweeen party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:52
Dills is a translator. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hamel is a lecturer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Bala is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the wine tasting, Dills, Bala, and Hamel connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:53
Carlstrom is a tailor. Cortinas is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Conyers is a translator. At the social community gathering, Cortinas, Carlstrom, and Conyers met. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:54
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Sowers is a painter. Laferriere is a manager. Veltri is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the power yoga class, Sowers, Veltri, and Laferriere connected. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:55
Eichelberger is a real estate agent. Hertzog is a newsreader. Kellogg is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the happy hours, Hertzog, Kellogg, and Eichelberger connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:56
Rayos is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Moles is a plumber. Deyo is a manager. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Moles, Deyo, and Rayos connected at the food festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:57
Ruan is a manager. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Falgout is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Dorantes is a painter. Ruan, Dorantes, and Falgout came across each other at the open gallery museum. The museum has many ancient things. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:58
Chirinos is a translator. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Swingle is a researcher. Muirhead is a baker. At the community garden, Swingle, Chirinos, and Muirhead connected. The dogs that play here are super cute. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:59
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Grimm is a translator. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Templeton is a florist. Muldrow is a mechanic. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Grimm, Muldrow, and Templeton came across each other at the wine tasting. The atmosphere was nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:60
Duggan is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Sease is a florist. Mackie is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mackie, Sease, and Duggan came across each other at the community garden. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:61
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Landa is a florist. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Montejo is a tailor. Sundberg is a researcher. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Montejo, Sundberg, and Landa connected at the party. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:62
Hartnett is a lifeguard. Shroyer is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Deyoung is a florist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the local talk, Shroyer, Hartnett, and Deyoung connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:63
Armstead is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Courville is a bricklayer. Oney is a labourer. At the new year party, Courville, Oney, and Armstead ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:64
Haag is a newsreader. Poulson is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Horvat is a customer service representative. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Poulson, Haag, and Horvat ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:65
Jolly is a real estate agent. Bluhm is a plumber. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Spruell is an author. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the hotel, Jolly, Bluhm, and Spruell connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:66
Ortis is an author. Ngai is a manager. Hertzler is a translator. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the power yoga class, Ngai, Hertzler, and Ortis met. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:67
Roe is a lifeguard. Casler is a bricklayer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Rybicki is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Casler, Roe, and Rybicki came across each other at the happy hours. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:68
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Caggiano is a bricklayer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Zazueta is a tailor. Keebler is a researcher. At the theme park, Caggiano, Keebler, and Zazueta ran into each other. The park site for more information about the location. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:69
Lotz is an author. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Darland is a lifeguard. Huitron is a customer service representative. At the animal shelter, Huitron, Lotz, and Darland connected. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:70
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Byrum is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Matherne is a lifeguard. Hu is a bricklayer. At the rock climbing gym, Hu, Byrum, and Matherne connected. After doing some exercise, it is recommended to go home, take a hot shower and give the body some rest. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:71
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Tart is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Franks is a bricklayer. Sahagun is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sahagun, Franks, and Tart came across each other at the charity car wash. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:72
Vazquez is a researcher. Ferreira is a florist. Alfaro is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the yoga studio, Ferreira, Vazquez, and Alfaro ran into each other. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:73
Guardado is a bricklayer. Sherrard is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Berndt is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the grocery store, Sherrard, Guardado, and Berndt met. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:74
Umstead is a mechanic. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Almendarez is a bricklayer. Krieg is a real estate agent. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Krieg, Umstead, and Almendarez came across each other at the animal shelter. A hurricane or other natural calamity can be a good reason to volunteer at a charity center. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:75
Richert is a doctor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Jaques is a florist. Bissett is a lecturer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the bar crawl, Bissett, Jaques, and Richert ran into each other. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! Ey reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:76
Alford is a lifeguard. Owens is a florist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Plourde is a labourer. At the networking event, Owens, Alford, and Plourde ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:77
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Malmberg is a chef. Delahoussaye is a real estate agent. Swink is a bricklayer. Delahoussaye, Malmberg, and Swink came across each other at the partner dancing classes. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:78
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Little is a lifeguard. Villagomez is a lecturer. Fleshman is a painter. Villagomez, Little, and Fleshman came across each other at the design expo. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:79
Hecht is a mechanic. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Harbaugh is a tailor. Bovee is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food and drink festival, Bovee, Hecht, and Harbaugh met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:80
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Rosenblatt is a manager. Tomblin is a painter. Timmins is a bookkeeper. Tomblin, Rosenblatt, and Timmins came across each other at the wedding. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:81
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Hund is a translator. Mccarty is a doctor. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Hoke is a newsreader. At the community garden, Hund, Hoke, and Mccarty ran into each other. The park looks nice. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:82
Barras is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mundt is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ludlow is a painter. At the local talk, Ludlow, Barras, and Mundt ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:83
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Lietz is a manager. Lawver is a bricklayer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Rust is a customer service representative. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the specialty retail store, Rust, Lawver, and Lietz connected. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:84
Halperin is a mechanic. Lapan is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sparacino is a lifeguard. Sparacino, Halperin, and Lapan connected at the gallery opening event. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:85
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Settles is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Loiselle is a manager. Cantu is a painter. At the community garden, Settles, Loiselle, and Cantu ran into each other. There are different varieties of plants here! He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:86
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Hatchett is a bricklayer. Harada is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Higgins is an author. Hatchett, Harada, and Higgins connected at the theme park. The park has a park toilet as well! He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:87
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Weishaar is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Doucette is a real estate agent. Arcuri is a newsreader. Weishaar, Doucette, and Arcuri came across each other at the commuter bus. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. Ey reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:88
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Venters is a lecturer. Eitel is a lifeguard. Mummert is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Eitel, Venters, and Mummert came across each other at the hotel. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:89
Frison is an author. Mabie is a plumber. Gosselin is a painter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the specialty retail store, Gosselin, Frison, and Mabie ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:90
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Pasternak is a plumber. Coppock is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Jahnke is a lifeguard. At the boardwalk arcade, Coppock, Jahnke, and Pasternak met. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:91
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Menchaca is a chef. Toledo is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lambdin is a translator. Toledo, Lambdin, and Menchaca connected at the open gallery museum. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:92
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Deakins is a researcher. Pantano is a lecturer. Ferree is a lifeguard. At the community garden, Pantano, Ferree, and Deakins connected. The dogs that play here are super cute. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:93
Tuggle is a tailor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Overholt is a translator. Fielder is a bookkeeper. At the food and drink festival, Fielder, Overholt, and Tuggle ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:94
Lyttle is a researcher. Vass is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mccluskey is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Mccluskey, Vass, and Lyttle came across each other at the book club. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:95
Ramage is a real estate agent. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Worcester is a customer service representative. Rodman is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the rock climbing gym, Ramage, Rodman, and Worcester ran into each other. The idea of a one - minute plank can be daunting for many people here! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:96
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Tonn is a labourer. Saldivar is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kenworthy is a chef. Kenworthy, Tonn, and Saldivar connected at the theme park. All the flowers in the park are so nice. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:97
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Barclay is a labourer. Remick is a chef. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Shew is a bricklayer. Remick, Shew, and Barclay came across each other at the networking event. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:98
Straub is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gorham is a newsreader. Winkler is a plumber. Straub, Winkler, and Gorham came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:99
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Gulick is a real estate agent. Parrino is a baker. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hamel is a translator. Parrino, Hamel, and Gulick connected at the fitness class. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:100
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Petterson is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Goodrich is a lecturer. Swan is a researcher. At the social community gathering, Goodrich, Petterson, and Swan ran into each other. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:101
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kleinschmidt is a translator. Rosinski is a chef. Clinkscales is a customer service representative. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the cooking class, Kleinschmidt, Rosinski, and Clinkscales ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:102
Guth is a doctor. Gleaton is a bookkeeper. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Luciani is a newsreader. At the theme park, Guth, Gleaton, and Luciani met. The birds are wild and hungry! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:103
Bothwell is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Sarro is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pogue is a lecturer. Pogue, Bothwell, and Sarro came across each other at the cafe. The place was crowded. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:104
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Cales is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Robichaud is a translator. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Ware is a bookkeeper. At the food co-op, Cales, Ware, and Robichaud met. The other beverages served here are ok. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:105
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Taff is a bricklayer. Silvey is a bookkeeper. Knarr is a real estate agent. Knarr, Silvey, and Taff came across each other at the food co-op. The coffee cake is quite good. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:106
Somers is a bricklayer. Knuckles is a tailor. Fry is a lecturer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the open gallery museum, Knuckles, Fry, and Somers ran into each other. Museums are definitely not boring! She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:107
Nease is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Corr is a painter. Chambless is a labourer. At the halloweeen party, Nease, Chambless, and Corr connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:108
Lastra is a plumber. Kellett is a baker. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hutcheson is a bookkeeper. Hutcheson, Lastra, and Kellett connected at the wedding. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:109
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Settles is a bookkeeper. Haase is a bricklayer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Okafor is a plumber. At the networking event, Settles, Okafor, and Haase ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:110
Duque is a labourer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Orrick is a baker. Verdugo is a real estate agent. Duque, Orrick, and Verdugo connected at the cooking class. Each session teaches a different theme. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:111
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Bayliss is a translator. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Vidrine is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ngai is a bookkeeper. At the partner dancing classes, Ngai, Bayliss, and Vidrine ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:112
Parente is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gibbons is a chef. Fritch is an author. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the theme park, Gibbons, Fritch, and Parente ran into each other. The park is very green and refreshing. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:113
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Villavicencio is a manager. Northcutt is a chef. Hasse is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the boardwalk arcade, Villavicencio, Northcutt, and Hasse met. The games are a lot of fun. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:114
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Chartrand is a lifeguard. Lightsey is a real estate agent. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bullen is a chef. Lightsey, Bullen, and Chartrand connected at the new year party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:115
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Fitzhugh is a manager. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stalter is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Loiselle is a lifeguard. At the bar crawl, Loiselle, Stalter, and Fitzhugh connected. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:116
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Claflin is a newsreader. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Hinnant is a manager. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Dilorenzo is a tailor. At the food and drink festival, Dilorenzo, Claflin, and Hinnant ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:117
Howland is an author. Starke is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Malveaux is a florist. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the new year party, Howland, Malveaux, and Starke met. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:118
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Valdovinos is a customer service representative. Lazo is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Co is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Co, Lazo, and Valdovinos connected at the boardwalk arcade. The games are a lot of fun. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:119
Devers is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Henze is a florist. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Boynton is a customer service representative. At the boardwalk arcade, Devers, Henze, and Boynton met. There is plenty of food to eat here. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:120
Cacho is a tailor. Grimsley is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Olivares is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Grimsley, Olivares, and Cacho came across each other at the food and drink festival. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:121
Dames is a newsreader. Bollin is a manager. Worsley is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the commuter bus, Worsley, Bollin, and Dames met. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:122
Willems is a bricklayer. Hock is a lecturer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Fasano is an author. At the fitness class, Willems, Fasano, and Hock connected. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:123
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Wild is a researcher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Galvez is a lifeguard. Portman is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the social community gathering, Portman, Wild, and Galvez ran into each other. The service is what all the people have been working to do. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:124
Duffin is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Flack is a customer service representative. Mize is an author. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Mize, Duffin, and Flack came across each other at the wedding. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:125
Gaunt is a researcher. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Braithwaite is a tailor. Bos is a florist. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Gaunt, Braithwaite, and Bos came across each other at the happy hours. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:126
Pankow is a translator. Drennen is a mechanic. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Talamantez is a tailor. At the grocery store, Drennen, Pankow, and Talamantez met. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:127
Lattin is an author. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Stalter is a bookkeeper. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Mcilwain is a newsreader. At the bar crawl, Lattin, Stalter, and Mcilwain connected. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:128
Lyttle is a bricklayer. Puma is a translator. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Meece is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the networking event, Puma, Lyttle, and Meece met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:129
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lengacher is a doctor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mathewson is a lifeguard. Laplant is a researcher. At the design expo, Lengacher, Mathewson, and Laplant met. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:130
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rigsby is a mechanic. Staley is a tailor. Bracey is a painter. At the community garden, Staley, Rigsby, and Bracey ran into each other. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:131
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Coles is a doctor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Maness is a bookkeeper. Montiel is a real estate agent. At the cooking class, Maness, Coles, and Montiel ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:132
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Magnusson is a lifeguard. Todaro is a chef. Pontius is a manager. Magnusson, Pontius, and Todaro came across each other at the book club. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:133
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Giguere is a customer service representative. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kamin is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Corbo is a lecturer. Kamin, Giguere, and Corbo connected at the wedding. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:134
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Rushin is a real estate agent. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Swinton is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Swift is a mechanic. Rushin, Swift, and Swinton came across each other at the local talk. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:135
Aslam is a labourer. Barnette is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Janney is a florist. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the hotel, Janney, Aslam, and Barnette ran into each other. The beer is excellent. They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:136
Stroh is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Glasper is a translator. Moorhead is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Glasper, Stroh, and Moorhead connected at the wine tasting. The coffee tastes good. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:137
Bowlin is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Pinkston is a florist. Eaddy is an author. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the high intensity class, Bowlin, Pinkston, and Eaddy ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. They told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:138
Goldin is a translator. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Orihuela is a baker. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Denker is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the restaurant, Goldin, Orihuela, and Denker connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:139
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Loredo is a customer service representative. Lowry is a tailor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Rosinski is a painter. At the animal shelter, Rosinski, Loredo, and Lowry connected. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:140
Aguilar is an author. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Horrell is a researcher. Bessette is a labourer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the power yoga class, Aguilar, Horrell, and Bessette ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:141
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Arp is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wait is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Donnelly is a bookkeeper. Donnelly, Wait, and Arp came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:142
Nosal is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Samples is a lifeguard. Aguero is a newsreader. At the cooking class, Aguero, Samples, and Nosal connected. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:143
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Beaudet is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Girton is a labourer. Tinch is a lifeguard. At the local talk, Beaudet, Girton, and Tinch met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:144
Rossman is a manager. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Veiga is a bookkeeper. Nuttall is a customer service representative. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Veiga, Nuttall, and Rossman came across each other at the social community gathering. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:145
Gabaldon is a researcher. Macintyre is a baker. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Vandyne is a customer service representative. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Gabaldon, Macintyre, and Vandyne connected at the rock climbing gym. The men and women of all age groups are welcome at the gym! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:146
Markowski is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Dantzler is a lecturer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Reichman is a painter. Markowski, Dantzler, and Reichman connected at the design expo. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:147
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Twitty is a labourer. Cornette is a tailor. Marks is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the social community gathering, Twitty, Cornette, and Marks ran into each other. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:148
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Cheek is a manager. Stage is a lecturer. Mcevoy is a chef. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mcevoy, Cheek, and Stage came across each other at the food co-op. One of the few spots for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:149
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Coop is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Modlin is a mechanic. Longnecker is a newsreader. Coop, Longnecker, and Modlin came across each other at the gallery opening event. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:150
Jeffries is a bricklayer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Gallaway is a plumber. Gama is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the open gallery museum, Jeffries, Gama, and Gallaway ran into each other. Museums are definitely not boring! He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:151
Geier is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ochsner is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Brumley is a manager. At the cafe, Brumley, Geier, and Ochsner ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:152
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Schumaker is a florist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sigler is a mechanic. Heisey is a customer service representative. Sigler, Heisey, and Schumaker came across each other at the french class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:153
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bollin is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Goodwill is a plumber. Frahm is a doctor. At the cafe, Bollin, Goodwill, and Frahm met. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:154
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Spadaro is a customer service representative. Khatun is an author. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Blouin is a lecturer. At the networking event, Blouin, Khatun, and Spadaro connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:155
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Moen is a baker. Coppage is a mechanic. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hultgren is a doctor. At the bar crawl, Moen, Coppage, and Hultgren met. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:156
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Amrhein is a customer service representative. Alcazar is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Litton is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the wedding, Amrhein, Litton, and Alcazar ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:157
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ebanks is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Carlstrom is a lifeguard. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Rusch is a baker. At the new year party, Rusch, Carlstrom, and Ebanks connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:158
Picklesimer is a plumber. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Gama is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Brzozowski is a doctor. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brzozowski, Gama, and Picklesimer connected at the rock climbing gym. The gym is designed to cater to the high end needs of the person. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:159
Morrisey is a doctor. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Suchy is a lifeguard. Macaluso is a translator. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the high intensity class, Macaluso, Suchy, and Morrisey ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:160
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Aday is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Le is a tailor. Sweeten is a lifeguard. Le, Sweeten, and Aday connected at the partner dancing classes. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:161
Mcghee is a florist. Demott is a bookkeeper. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Barillas is a doctor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the local talk, Barillas, Demott, and Mcghee connected. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:162
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Vandermolen is a plumber. Spivak is a customer service representative. Laughman is a florist. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the networking event, Vandermolen, Spivak, and Laughman met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:163
Fast is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Newson is an author. Nesbit is a plumber. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the community garden, Nesbit, Fast, and Newson ran into each other. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:164
Mahone is a florist. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Desantiago is a translator. Olivares is a bricklayer. Desantiago, Mahone, and Olivares connected at the community garden. The dogs that play here are super cute. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:165
Mize is a lecturer. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bondy is a bookkeeper. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Minnich is a doctor. Mize, Minnich, and Bondy came across each other at the power yoga class. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:166
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Decuir is a chef. Szczepanski is an author. Whitford is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the wedding, Decuir, Szczepanski, and Whitford ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:167
Oakes is a florist. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Potts is a lecturer. Gingerich is a baker. Gingerich, Oakes, and Potts connected at the cafe. It is a cool place to hang out. They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:168
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Pai is a bricklayer. Snell is a tailor. Kollman is an author. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the local talk, Pai, Snell, and Kollman ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:169
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hou is a baker. Ruckman is a labourer. Wrobel is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Hou, Ruckman, and Wrobel connected. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:170
Guillot is a bricklayer. Mu is a newsreader. Saum is a translator. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Mu, Guillot, and Saum connected at the food co-op. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:171
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kilgore is a customer service representative. Mustard is a mechanic. Schock is a newsreader. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kilgore, Schock, and Mustard connected at the design expo. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:172
English is a customer service representative. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mauk is a lifeguard. Canavan is a doctor. At the new year party, Mauk, English, and Canavan met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:173
Manners is a painter. Spotts is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ota is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Spotts, Ota, and Manners connected at the halloweeen party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. They reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:174
Ruis is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Luongo is a lifeguard. Pruneda is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ruis, Pruneda, and Luongo connected at the food co-op. The place is nice. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:175
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Marchand is a bricklayer. Clute is a chef. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Chisholm is a doctor. Marchand, Clute, and Chisholm came across each other at the cooking class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:176
Leininger is a plumber. Maness is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bachand is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Bachand, Maness, and Leininger connected at the power yoga class. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:177
Swartzentruber is a florist. Knaus is a labourer. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Peak is a painter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the book club, Swartzentruber, Knaus, and Peak ran into each other. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:178
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Grill is a customer service representative. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Montilla is a mechanic. Woodward is a translator. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the boardwalk arcade, Montilla, Woodward, and Grill met. The weather is nice for games today. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:179
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Calcagno is a lifeguard. Mallard is a doctor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Fitzwater is a lecturer. At the social community gathering, Calcagno, Fitzwater, and Mallard ran into each other. The community has an open kitchen. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:180
Gove is a labourer. Pippins is a doctor. Fenske is an author. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the social community gathering, Fenske, Pippins, and Gove met. The community has an open kitchen. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:181
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cundiff is a lifeguard. Emrich is a mechanic. Broadnax is a bookkeeper. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the specialty retail store, Cundiff, Broadnax, and Emrich connected. The market is a big source of income for many people. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:182
Acuna is a plumber. Canedo is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Dalzell is a lecturer. Acuna, Dalzell, and Canedo connected at the happy hours. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:183
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Baig is a bricklayer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ader is a real estate agent. Borntreger is a lifeguard. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the theme park, Baig, Ader, and Borntreger met. The park is very green and refreshing. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:184
Leavy is a tailor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Updegraff is a newsreader. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Whitlow is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Updegraff, Whitlow, and Leavy connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. The service is what all the people have been working to do. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:185
Henkle is a chef. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Mackinnon is a florist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Villa is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Henkle, Mackinnon, and Villa came across each other at the french class. Classes provide fun and challenge. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:186
Fuhrman is a manager. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Strope is a labourer. Humes is a doctor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the partner dancing classes, Strope, Fuhrman, and Humes connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:187
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Grau is a painter. Hampson is a bookkeeper. Rustad is a lecturer. At the local talk, Rustad, Grau, and Hampson met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:188
Chisholm is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Rooker is a tailor. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mcgough is a labourer. Mcgough, Rooker, and Chisholm came across each other at the animal shelter. Volunteering brings peace and happiness. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:189
Halvorsen is a labourer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Marchbanks is a manager. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Brust is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the gallery opening event, Halvorsen, Brust, and Marchbanks connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:190
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Jent is a florist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Sirmans is a bricklayer. Lansing is a lecturer. At the charity car wash, Lansing, Sirmans, and Jent connected. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:191
Azevedo is a real estate agent. Goodwin is a labourer. Wojtowicz is a painter. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the boardwalk arcade, Azevedo, Goodwin, and Wojtowicz connected. The game can be interesting. They told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:192
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Laborde is a labourer. Doud is a lecturer. Fitzpatrick is a tailor. Doud, Laborde, and Fitzpatrick connected at the french class. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:193
Trapp is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ellerbee is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Chien is a lifeguard. At the animal shelter, Ellerbee, Trapp, and Chien ran into each other. Volunteering will bring confidence. Ze reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:194
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Cheng is a real estate agent. Apodaca is a mechanic. Sabo is a translator. Apodaca, Cheng, and Sabo came across each other at the gallery opening event. A lot of people participate in these events! They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:195
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Houchens is a lecturer. Pinson is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Rappaport is a bookkeeper. At the power yoga class, Pinson, Houchens, and Rappaport ran into each other. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:196
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Carreiro is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Holifield is a chef. Leavy is a researcher. At the restaurant, Leavy, Carreiro, and Holifield met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:197
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ridgeway is a manager. Croskey is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Helle is a painter. Helle, Croskey, and Ridgeway connected at the food co-op. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:198
Driscoll is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Marzullo is a painter. Matute is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the book club, Matute, Driscoll, and Marzullo ran into each other. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:199
Tasker is a lecturer. Pettry is a doctor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Jeppesen is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the open gallery museum, Pettry, Jeppesen, and Tasker ran into each other. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:200
Cozzi is a researcher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Bonnette is a lifeguard. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Veras is a manager. At the hotel, Bonnette, Veras, and Cozzi connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:201
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Finkelstein is a bricklayer. Jeansonne is a researcher. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Rizzi is a plumber. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Jeansonne, Rizzi, and Finkelstein came across each other at the theme park. The park is very green and refreshing. They told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:202
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Nesbit is a manager. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cue is a translator. Overton is a painter. At the networking event, Overton, Nesbit, and Cue met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:203
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Blick is a newsreader. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Ingham is a painter. Lasala is a translator. Blick, Lasala, and Ingham connected at the design expo. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:204
Piel is a researcher. Petrosky is a customer service representative. Cogar is a labourer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the halloweeen party, Cogar, Piel, and Petrosky ran into each other. The party is free entry for everyone. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:205
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Benham is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Candia is a translator. Dittmar is a lifeguard. At the hotel, Dittmar, Benham, and Candia ran into each other. The place is nice. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:206
Drees is a bookkeeper. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Langevin is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Blakney is an author. At the new year party, Blakney, Langevin, and Drees connected. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:207
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Dunmire is a newsreader. Swinehart is a manager. Waters is a real estate agent. At the hotel, Swinehart, Dunmire, and Waters connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. They told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:208
Blanford is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Akers is a newsreader. Unruh is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the high intensity class, Unruh, Blanford, and Akers ran into each other. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:209
Denlinger is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Vess is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Brehm is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Brehm, Vess, and Denlinger came across each other at the commuter bus. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:210
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Harrel is a baker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Rebolledo is a doctor. Tietz is a mechanic. At the commuter bus, Rebolledo, Harrel, and Tietz connected. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:211
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lietz is a lifeguard. Scherr is a newsreader. Lipinski is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Scherr, Lietz, and Lipinski came across each other at the happy hours. The coffee tastes good. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:212
Mcafee is a painter. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Tobon is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Griner is a tailor. Mcafee, Griner, and Tobon connected at the food co-op. The place was crowded. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:213
Tebo is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Straw is a researcher. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Brunetti is a bookkeeper. Straw, Tebo, and Brunetti came across each other at the open gallery museum. This museum and art is what we need more of. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:214
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Donoghue is a newsreader. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sardina is a chef. Hofmann is a baker. At the cafe, Donoghue, Hofmann, and Sardina connected. The place was crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:215
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Macauley is a manager. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mullaney is a translator. Standish is a doctor. Macauley, Standish, and Mullaney connected at the open gallery museum. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:216
Knupp is a painter. Wingo is a real estate agent. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Underwood is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Underwood, Knupp, and Wingo came across each other at the fitness class. Yoga is best done in silence. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:217
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Barrios is a painter. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Durfee is an author. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Jeppesen is a bricklayer. Durfee, Barrios, and Jeppesen connected at the boardwalk arcade. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:218
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Valdovinos is a bricklayer. Levine is a lecturer. Rousseau is a lifeguard. At the theme park, Rousseau, Levine, and Valdovinos met. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:219
Visconti is a real estate agent. Bessette is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Remillard is a newsreader. At the community garden, Visconti, Bessette, and Remillard met. The park has a lot of gardens. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:220
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Jeanbaptiste is a plumber. Herlihy is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hoskinson is a chef. Herlihy, Hoskinson, and Jeanbaptiste connected at the networking event. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:221
Mort is a tailor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Bohanon is a mechanic. Huezo is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Huezo, Mort, and Bohanon came across each other at the theme park. We have some nice white rabbits here too. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:222
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Creamer is a real estate agent. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Candia is an author. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Rusin is a florist. Rusin, Creamer, and Candia came across each other at the design expo. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:223
Villanueva is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Crafton is a bookkeeper. Mixson is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the cooking class, Villanueva, Mixson, and Crafton connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:224
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Astudillo is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Fretz is a chef. Amodeo is a researcher. At the community garden, Astudillo, Fretz, and Amodeo met. The park has a running track. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:225
Rahe is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kidwell is a tailor. Wisner is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the halloweeen party, Rahe, Wisner, and Kidwell met. The party is free entry for everyone. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:226
Parrilla is a chef. Evanoff is a mechanic. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Goertz is a baker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Goertz, Evanoff, and Parrilla connected at the bar crawl. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:227
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Haggins is a manager. Stutts is a tailor. Hartl is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the power yoga class, Hartl, Stutts, and Haggins met. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:228
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Coletti is a manager. Telford is a researcher. Ngo is a customer service representative. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Ngo, Telford, and Coletti ran into each other. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:229
Cataldo is a bricklayer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Collum is a labourer. Christensen is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cataldo, Collum, and Christensen connected at the halloweeen party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:230
Goode is a florist. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Eicher is a bookkeeper. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Polansky is a painter. At the french class, Eicher, Goode, and Polansky ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:231
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Shotts is a bookkeeper. Hemminger is a researcher. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Plant is a mechanic. At the specialty retail store, Plant, Hemminger, and Shotts connected. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:232
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Deloach is a researcher. Malmberg is a bookkeeper. Azam is a baker. Azam, Malmberg, and Deloach connected at the local talk. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:233
Stalnaker is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Pesek is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Dipietro is a doctor. At the commuter bus, Dipietro, Pesek, and Stalnaker ran into each other. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:234
Varga is a manager. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Chesson is a chef. Meador is a real estate agent. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Varga, Meador, and Chesson connected at the wine tasting. It is a cool place to hang out. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:235
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Keyser is a mechanic. Zeman is an author. Howe is a labourer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Howe, Keyser, and Zeman connected at the food and drink festival. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:236
Saldivar is a labourer. Conover is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Toews is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the food co-op, Saldivar, Conover, and Toews ran into each other. The place is nice. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:237
Hawks is an author. Yearwood is a manager. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Melanson is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the cafe, Melanson, Yearwood, and Hawks connected. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:238
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pogue is a tailor. Sirmans is a lifeguard. Post is a researcher. At the open gallery museum, Sirmans, Pogue, and Post met. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:239
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Vilchis is a lecturer. Steadman is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Tinker is a painter. At the party, Steadman, Tinker, and Vilchis ran into each other. The party is going to be full. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:240
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Conyers is a painter. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Lax is a doctor. Nemec is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Lax, Conyers, and Nemec came across each other at the bar crawl. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:241
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Tsang is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gallegos is a labourer. Marlar is a baker. Gallegos, Tsang, and Marlar came across each other at the book club. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. Ze reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:242
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mathewson is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Meador is a lecturer. Oshiro is an author. Oshiro, Mathewson, and Meador came across each other at the community garden. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:243
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lovan is a newsreader. Pantano is a lifeguard. Gutshall is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the community garden, Pantano, Lovan, and Gutshall met. There are different varieties of plants here! He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:244
Taveras is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Puebla is a labourer. Barnhart is a newsreader. At the yoga studio, Puebla, Barnhart, and Taveras ran into each other. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:245
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Palomar is a customer service representative. Quayle is a chef. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Corbo is a painter. At the gallery opening event, Quayle, Corbo, and Palomar ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:246
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Drapeau is a manager. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Futrell is a customer service representative. Ankrom is a researcher. Ankrom, Futrell, and Drapeau came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. We have to work together through different platforms. Ze reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:247
Hurdle is a tailor. Goodwyn is a bookkeeper. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Hocker is a plumber. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the french class, Hurdle, Hocker, and Goodwyn connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:248
Burkes is a labourer. Swensen is a doctor. Fielder is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the bar crawl, Fielder, Swensen, and Burkes met. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:249
Westmoreland is a baker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wasson is a chef. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Centeno is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Wasson, Westmoreland, and Centeno came across each other at the local talk. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:250
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Wei is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mojarro is a lifeguard. Conboy is an author. At the specialty retail store, Wei, Mojarro, and Conboy connected. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:251
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Croker is a plumber. Fouse is a translator. Gearhart is a florist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the wedding, Gearhart, Croker, and Fouse ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:252
Parkman is a researcher. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Thibeault is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Hunley is a bookkeeper. Hunley, Thibeault, and Parkman connected at the networking event. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:253
Banfield is a customer service representative. Deere is a researcher. Stehle is a painter. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the food and drink festival, Stehle, Deere, and Banfield connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:254
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Shockley is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Toler is a lifeguard. Seyler is a bookkeeper. Seyler, Toler, and Shockley connected at the local talk. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:255
Mccalister is a painter. Vandoren is a bookkeeper. Sneddon is a doctor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the cooking class, Mccalister, Vandoren, and Sneddon met. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:256
Stickler is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Epley is a painter. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Penix is a bookkeeper. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the book club, Penix, Epley, and Stickler ran into each other. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:257
Bick is a customer service representative. Hamel is a painter. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cunningham is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the animal shelter, Hamel, Bick, and Cunningham ran into each other. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:258
Wilcox is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Tandy is a doctor. Melara is a real estate agent. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the boardwalk arcade, Wilcox, Tandy, and Melara ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:259
Baas is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Reising is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Delgadillo is a florist. At the social community gathering, Baas, Delgadillo, and Reising ran into each other. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:260
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Eckley is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Seery is a doctor. Swanson is a florist. Eckley, Swanson, and Seery connected at the food and drink festival. It is open to the public. They told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:261
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Wildman is a tailor. Jahnke is a baker. Kriner is a bookkeeper. At the power yoga class, Wildman, Jahnke, and Kriner ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:262
Woodford is a labourer. Gridley is a customer service representative. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Langton is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the wine tasting, Woodford, Langton, and Gridley ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:263
Hartshorn is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Fasano is a bookkeeper. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Montiel is a lifeguard. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the rock climbing gym, Fasano, Montiel, and Hartshorn connected. People can really make a lasting impression off each other at the gym! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:264
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Noriega is a manager. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Jauregui is a newsreader. Ruggiero is a researcher. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Jauregui, Noriega, and Ruggiero came across each other at the french class. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:265
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hendershot is a mechanic. Stroman is a florist. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Zeitler is a painter. Zeitler, Hendershot, and Stroman came across each other at the food co-op. The beer is excellent. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:266
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Fain is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Prokop is a newsreader. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Liechty is a translator. Liechty, Prokop, and Fain came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:267
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Costner is a florist. Bastidas is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Kinkead is a lecturer. Bastidas, Costner, and Kinkead connected at the local talk. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:268
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Kraft is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Goldschmidt is a newsreader. Stines is a bookkeeper. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the rock climbing gym, Goldschmidt, Stines, and Kraft connected. Going to a gym is the best idea to just focus on fitness goals. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:269
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Houchens is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Nakamura is a tailor. Macneil is a florist. Houchens, Nakamura, and Macneil came across each other at the happy hours. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:270
Kimbrell is a real estate agent. Wolfram is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hasley is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hasley, Kimbrell, and Wolfram came across each other at the commuter bus. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:271
Nellis is a florist. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Kandel is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Wardlow is an author. Nellis, Kandel, and Wardlow connected at the boardwalk arcade. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:272
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cintron is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Sandusky is a lifeguard. Hulin is a real estate agent. Hulin, Sandusky, and Cintron came across each other at the community garden. The birds are wild and hungry! He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:273
Braithwaite is a real estate agent. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Guzik is a customer service representative. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gossard is a newsreader. At the grocery store, Gossard, Guzik, and Braithwaite met. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:274
Villicana is a real estate agent. Tomlin is a lecturer. Spears is a chef. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the theme park, Tomlin, Villicana, and Spears met. The dogs that play here are super cute. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:275
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Palko is a plumber. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Downing is a manager. Billington is a tailor. At the wedding, Palko, Downing, and Billington ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:276
Harrold is a plumber. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sirmans is a mechanic. Gaydos is a florist. At the cooking class, Gaydos, Sirmans, and Harrold connected. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:277
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bounds is a translator. Cargill is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Poulsen is a plumber. Poulsen, Bounds, and Cargill connected at the cafe. The drinks are served on time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:278
Gaskill is a translator. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Holyfield is a doctor. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Madera is a baker. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Madera, Gaskill, and Holyfield came across each other at the local talk. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:279
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Varnell is a florist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Rochon is a manager. Goldschmidt is a lecturer. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Goldschmidt, Rochon, and Varnell met. The community has an open kitchen. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:280
Defrancisco is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Stanek is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Okafor is a chef. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the restaurant, Stanek, Okafor, and Defrancisco met. The beer is excellent. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:281
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Rasnick is a lecturer. Hedstrom is a plumber. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Schwabe is a customer service representative. Rasnick, Hedstrom, and Schwabe came across each other at the theme park. The park site for more information about the location. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:282
Highland is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Coon is a researcher. Cunningham is a real estate agent. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Highland, Cunningham, and Coon connected at the halloweeen party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:283
Durr is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Croxton is a lifeguard. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Eberly is a researcher. Croxton, Eberly, and Durr came across each other at the wedding. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:284
Lanigan is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Krupp is a lecturer. Arney is a manager. Lanigan, Krupp, and Arney came across each other at the wine tasting. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:285
Doty is a bookkeeper. Nicoletti is a doctor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Woodburn is a lecturer. At the halloweeen party, Nicoletti, Woodburn, and Doty met. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:286
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sartor is a lifeguard. Baptista is a bookkeeper. Perrotta is a labourer. At the open gallery museum, Perrotta, Baptista, and Sartor ran into each other. Museums are definitely not boring! He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:287
Springer is a mechanic. Jolly is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Tischler is a customer service representative. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Springer, Jolly, and Tischler came across each other at the hotel. The place is nice. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:288
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gaona is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Aranda is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brownlow is a real estate agent. Gaona, Brownlow, and Aranda connected at the book club. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:289
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Key is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Krueger is a florist. Tebo is a labourer. At the cafe, Key, Krueger, and Tebo connected. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:290
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Land is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Witman is a tailor. Pesce is an author. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Pesce, Witman, and Land came across each other at the food festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:291
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Cauble is a labourer. Bermea is a customer service representative. Foy is a bricklayer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cauble, Bermea, and Foy came across each other at the theme park. The park is very green and refreshing. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:292
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Lasala is a translator. Lembo is a mechanic. Zielinski is a bricklayer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Lembo, Zielinski, and Lasala came across each other at the local talk. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:293
Grimes is a plumber. Stockstill is a translator. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Steinkamp is an author. Grimes, Stockstill, and Steinkamp came across each other at the charity car wash. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:294
Pressler is a lifeguard. Cosio is a plumber. Scoles is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Scoles, Cosio, and Pressler connected at the gallery opening event. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:295
Veasey is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bertucci is a plumber. Philipps is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Philipps, Veasey, and Bertucci connected at the food and drink festival. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:296
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Salvaggio is a translator. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Mcdade is a researcher. Koepke is a newsreader. Mcdade, Salvaggio, and Koepke connected at the cooking class. It's a huge place! He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:297
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bruning is a baker. Pickens is a plumber. Wimbish is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bruning, Wimbish, and Pickens connected at the networking event. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:298
Durrett is a real estate agent. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Blackmer is a customer service representative. Lacoste is a baker. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Blackmer, Durrett, and Lacoste came across each other at the social community gathering. The community has an open kitchen. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:299
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Eaglin is a painter. Dunnam is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Welsh is a manager. Dunnam, Eaglin, and Welsh connected at the networking event. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:300
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bielecki is a labourer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ratcliffe is a bricklayer. Engleman is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the social community gathering, Bielecki, Engleman, and Ratcliffe ran into each other. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:301
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Valladares is a newsreader. Palmatier is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Melgarejo is a chef. Valladares, Palmatier, and Melgarejo came across each other at the local talk. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:302
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mcclurg is a real estate agent. Teed is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hentges is a painter. At the high intensity class, Hentges, Mcclurg, and Teed met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. They reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:303
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dubey is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mccaslin is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Rohm is a mechanic. Mccaslin, Dubey, and Rohm came across each other at the restaurant. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:304
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Wrona is a bookkeeper. Ruggiero is a customer service representative. Pendergrass is a translator. At the animal shelter, Wrona, Pendergrass, and Ruggiero connected. Please contact the organization during working hours to discuss the volunteering options. Ze told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:305
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Driver is a researcher. Stinson is an author. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Hassen is a chef. Hassen, Stinson, and Driver came across each other at the commuter bus. The public buses are comfortable to ride. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:306
Ban is a researcher. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Luman is a customer service representative. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Musser is a bricklayer. Musser, Luman, and Ban came across each other at the rock climbing gym. The gym is located on the southeast side of the campus, which runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily at Lenny's Club. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:307
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Deshotel is a real estate agent. Rehm is a manager. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Sand is an author. At the cooking class, Rehm, Deshotel, and Sand connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:308
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Murrell is a real estate agent. Pressler is a painter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Wille is a lecturer. Pressler, Murrell, and Wille connected at the food festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:309
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Almonte is a plumber. Blancas is a bookkeeper. Grooms is a doctor. Grooms, Almonte, and Blancas connected at the networking event. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:310
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chirinos is a mechanic. Bancroft is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Dong is a doctor. Dong, Chirinos, and Bancroft connected at the french class. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:311
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Wildman is a florist. Zeller is a painter. Abebe is a real estate agent. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Wildman, Abebe, and Zeller came across each other at the wedding. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:312
Whitted is a bookkeeper. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Daubert is a manager. Richert is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Richert, Whitted, and Daubert connected at the new year party. The party is free entry for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:313
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ruan is a bricklayer. Perea is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Straub is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the community garden, Perea, Straub, and Ruan ran into each other. The park is very green and refreshing. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:314
Parkman is a tailor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Tinch is a florist. Bienaime is a manager. At the boardwalk arcade, Tinch, Bienaime, and Parkman connected. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. They reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:315
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wasson is a doctor. Wrona is a bricklayer. Holding is a plumber. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the specialty retail store, Wrona, Holding, and Wasson ran into each other. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. They told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:316
Hamel is a researcher. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Huffine is a real estate agent. Ocon is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the open gallery museum, Huffine, Ocon, and Hamel ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. Ze reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:317
Boggan is a mechanic. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Barner is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Cui is a manager. At the yoga studio, Cui, Barner, and Boggan ran into each other. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:318
Kovar is a plumber. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Culhane is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lynd is a manager. At the specialty retail store, Lynd, Culhane, and Kovar met. The market is open to all genders and ages. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:319
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Keesee is a chef. Ploof is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Conn is a florist. At the french class, Keesee, Ploof, and Conn met. The class is fun! Ze reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:320
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Benfield is a real estate agent. Lorusso is a florist. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Quintanilla is a lifeguard. At the wedding, Benfield, Lorusso, and Quintanilla met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:321
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Musick is a newsreader. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Vallecillo is a lecturer. Ridgeway is a doctor. At the partner dancing classes, Ridgeway, Musick, and Vallecillo connected. The class has interesting sessions. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:322
Seavey is a translator. Harkleroad is a researcher. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mandeville is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Seavey, Harkleroad, and Mandeville came across each other at the design expo. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:323
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Jumper is a mechanic. Musgrave is a baker. Rayborn is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the wedding, Rayborn, Musgrave, and Jumper connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:324
Bachman is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lajeunesse is a tailor. Ruckman is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the specialty retail store, Ruckman, Bachman, and Lajeunesse connected. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:325
Arredondo is a real estate agent. Bowley is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Motes is a plumber. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the food co-op, Motes, Arredondo, and Bowley ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:326
Seigler is a manager. Blumberg is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Burt is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Seigler, Blumberg, and Burt connected at the design expo. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:327
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Popescu is a translator. Vandermolen is a customer service representative. Beerman is a florist. Popescu, Vandermolen, and Beerman connected at the gallery opening event. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:328
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Littlejohn is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Czech is a baker. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Ludlow is a chef. Ludlow, Littlejohn, and Czech came across each other at the high intensity class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:329
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Germano is a lifeguard. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Barajas is a plumber. Oberholtzer is a bricklayer. At the grocery store, Oberholtzer, Barajas, and Germano met. The market is open to all genders and ages. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:330
Ontiveros is a chef. Bailon is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Milne is a labourer. At the food festival, Ontiveros, Bailon, and Milne connected. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:331
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Meece is a labourer. Bunch is a tailor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Monsivais is a newsreader. At the partner dancing classes, Monsivais, Bunch, and Meece connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:332
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Grau is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tims is a newsreader. Mcknight is a plumber. Grau, Mcknight, and Tims came across each other at the local talk. It is open to the public. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:333
Lazzara is a manager. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Rosenberry is a lifeguard. Moffat is a newsreader. At the party, Lazzara, Rosenberry, and Moffat ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:334
Jeffries is a mechanic. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Pita is a tailor. Cusack is a bricklayer. Pita, Cusack, and Jeffries connected at the gallery opening event. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:335
Reichman is a plumber. Staab is a bookkeeper. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Lumsden is a baker. At the grocery store, Staab, Lumsden, and Reichman ran into each other. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:336
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Murph is a florist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Balderrama is a bricklayer. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Wireman is a plumber. At the book club, Murph, Wireman, and Balderrama ran into each other. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:337
Arbogast is a mechanic. Wrobel is an author. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Dowling is a florist. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Arbogast, Dowling, and Wrobel came across each other at the happy hours. It is a cool place to hang out. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:338
Venditti is a lecturer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Inocencio is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mundo is a translator. Inocencio, Mundo, and Venditti came across each other at the wedding. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ey reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:339
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Aguero is a tailor. Deyo is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hurlbert is a customer service representative. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Deyo, Hurlbert, and Aguero came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:340
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Brassard is a baker. Doty is an author. Styers is a chef. Styers, Brassard, and Doty connected at the commuter bus. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:341
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Alamillo is a customer service representative. Hillyard is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Luviano is a newsreader. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hillyard, Alamillo, and Luviano connected at the hotel. The beer is excellent. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:342
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Choudhry is a researcher. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sterrett is an author. Depaz is a painter. At the yoga studio, Sterrett, Choudhry, and Depaz ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:343
Beamer is a chef. Fontanez is a baker. Smits is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the french class, Beamer, Fontanez, and Smits met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:344
Mundt is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mattes is a labourer. Haner is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the cafe, Mundt, Mattes, and Haner connected. The place was crowded. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:345
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Stenzel is a florist. Gottfried is a translator. Braunstein is a customer service representative. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Gottfried, Braunstein, and Stenzel came across each other at the happy hours. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:346
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Benedetti is a labourer. Karpinski is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Snell is a baker. At the gallery opening event, Snell, Benedetti, and Karpinski met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:347
Wille is a researcher. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Alvis is a plumber. Brosnan is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wille, Brosnan, and Alvis came across each other at the local talk. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:348
Chmura is a customer service representative. Crumrine is a plumber. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Munford is a bricklayer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Chmura, Crumrine, and Munford came across each other at the high intensity class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:349
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Betancourt is a newsreader. Kilgore is a baker. Kinkel is a translator. At the community garden, Betancourt, Kinkel, and Kilgore connected. We have some nice white rabbits here too. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:350
Fischetti is a doctor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Schneck is a tailor. Tandy is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the yoga studio, Tandy, Schneck, and Fischetti connected. The class starts with a warm - up session. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:351
Yarbrough is a tailor. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Yamaguchi is a bookkeeper. Montalto is an author. At the food and drink festival, Yarbrough, Montalto, and Yamaguchi met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:352
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Eslinger is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Spano is a bookkeeper. Corbo is a painter. Corbo, Spano, and Eslinger connected at the bar crawl. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:353
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Cavazos is a labourer. Patlan is a newsreader. Loffredo is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Cavazos, Loffredo, and Patlan connected at the halloweeen party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:354
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Creager is a doctor. Resler is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sandidge is a mechanic. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the specialty retail store, Sandidge, Resler, and Creager connected. The market is open to all genders and ages. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:355
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ball is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Dimatteo is a plumber. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hollowell is a researcher. At the wedding, Hollowell, Ball, and Dimatteo met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:356
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Hales is a bookkeeper. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Board is a customer service representative. Stahlman is a labourer. At the wedding, Stahlman, Hales, and Board met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:357
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Dong is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Croker is a painter. Casado is a newsreader. At the party, Dong, Casado, and Croker met. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:358
Littlefield is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Baugher is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Devries is a painter. At the wine tasting, Littlefield, Devries, and Baugher ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:359
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Rountree is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Shu is a doctor. Printz is a bookkeeper. At the partner dancing classes, Shu, Rountree, and Printz met. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:360
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wojcik is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Heal is a chef. Wasser is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Heal, Wojcik, and Wasser came across each other at the happy hours. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. Ey reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:361
Wightman is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Swinford is a mechanic. Osullivan is a real estate agent. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the book club, Swinford, Osullivan, and Wightman ran into each other. Book clubs help expand social circles. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:362
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Marchand is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Diosdado is a researcher. Clapper is a real estate agent. Diosdado, Clapper, and Marchand connected at the fitness class. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:363
Bielecki is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Budd is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Oreilly is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the wedding, Bielecki, Oreilly, and Budd met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:364
Silvernail is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Luckey is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Clinkscales is a painter. At the food and drink festival, Silvernail, Luckey, and Clinkscales connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:365
Barrs is a mechanic. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Schaible is a bricklayer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Dowell is a baker. Barrs, Dowell, and Schaible connected at the hotel. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:366
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Wakefield is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Barb is a manager. Hamby is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Hamby, Wakefield, and Barb came across each other at the wedding. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:367
Grewe is a doctor. Suiter is a florist. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Lavergne is an author. At the specialty retail store, Suiter, Lavergne, and Grewe connected. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:368
Sandler is a translator. Guillot is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Sotomayor is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Guillot, Sandler, and Sotomayor connected at the theme park. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:369
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Altman is a real estate agent. Yard is a tailor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Wiersma is a researcher. Altman, Yard, and Wiersma came across each other at the theme park. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:370
Deaver is an author. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Simoes is a real estate agent. Watt is a newsreader. At the high intensity class, Watt, Simoes, and Deaver connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:371
Brame is a researcher. Wetherbee is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Vreeland is a newsreader. Brame, Vreeland, and Wetherbee came across each other at the book club. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:372
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Scarbrough is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Croskey is a lecturer. Heil is a mechanic. At the food festival, Croskey, Scarbrough, and Heil ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:373
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lowy is a lifeguard. Martinek is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hartig is a bricklayer. At the wedding, Lowy, Martinek, and Hartig ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:374
Wittrock is a manager. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Leanos is a florist. Raposo is a chef. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the community garden, Wittrock, Raposo, and Leanos ran into each other. The park has many plants and flowers. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:375
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Deaver is a florist. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Edens is a researcher. Schendel is a bookkeeper. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the hotel, Schendel, Deaver, and Edens met. The atmosphere was nice. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:376
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Glascock is a florist. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mechling is a researcher. Diehl is a baker. At the bar crawl, Mechling, Glascock, and Diehl connected. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:377
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Meaux is a bricklayer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Smidt is a translator. Gaona is a real estate agent. At the halloweeen party, Smidt, Gaona, and Meaux ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:378
Baig is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Halls is a translator. Ables is a real estate agent. Baig, Halls, and Ables came across each other at the rock climbing gym. Going to a gym is the best idea to just focus on fitness goals. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:379
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Perkins is a baker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mertens is a lifeguard. Goldfarb is a translator. At the bar crawl, Perkins, Goldfarb, and Mertens ran into each other. Tours help one discover the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:380
Newcomb is a bricklayer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Vasquez is a newsreader. Borrego is a plumber. At the bar crawl, Borrego, Vasquez, and Newcomb met. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:381
Hunsinger is a real estate agent. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Deason is a lecturer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Lesher is a researcher. At the new year party, Lesher, Deason, and Hunsinger met. The party is also filled by the band. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:382
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kallas is a lecturer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Macpherson is a florist. Wills is a painter. At the food co-op, Macpherson, Wills, and Kallas met. The coffee cake is quite good. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:383
Wolcott is a florist. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Tuma is a tailor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Fallis is a researcher. Tuma, Fallis, and Wolcott connected at the high intensity class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:384
Dias is a translator. Sechler is a mechanic. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Howlett is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the rock climbing gym, Howlett, Dias, and Sechler met. The gym is also a haven for fitness enthusiasts. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:385
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mahon is a painter. Rauh is a tailor. Stock is a plumber. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Rauh, Stock, and Mahon connected at the bar crawl. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:386
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Garciamartinez is a customer service representative. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chicoine is a labourer. Kinyon is a mechanic. Garciamartinez, Kinyon, and Chicoine connected at the specialty retail store. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:387
Mcgirt is a tailor. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hamby is a labourer. Cearley is an author. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the commuter bus, Hamby, Cearley, and Mcgirt connected. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:388
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Haycraft is a mechanic. Prunty is a labourer. Bejar is a tailor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the rock climbing gym, Prunty, Haycraft, and Bejar met. Going to a gym is the best idea to just focus on fitness goals. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:389
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Kahn is a mechanic. Pumphrey is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Segrest is a bookkeeper. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the cooking class, Segrest, Pumphrey, and Kahn connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:390
Palen is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Scurry is a bricklayer. Bastidas is a mechanic. Scurry, Palen, and Bastidas came across each other at the happy hours. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:391
Grinstead is a bricklayer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Musso is a manager. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mero is a plumber. At the cafe, Grinstead, Mero, and Musso met. The coffee tea is great. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:392
Fentress is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Staton is a labourer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Galloway is a baker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fentress, Staton, and Galloway connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:393
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Alford is a plumber. Jalloh is a translator. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Delarosa is a baker. Alford, Jalloh, and Delarosa came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. It is important to work together. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:394
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Piel is a tailor. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Scotti is an author. Fryman is a lifeguard. Piel, Fryman, and Scotti came across each other at the social community gathering. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:395
Hamrick is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Roser is a bricklayer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Brister is a doctor. At the food and drink festival, Roser, Hamrick, and Brister ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:396
Boros is a bricklayer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Pelayo is a tailor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Destefano is a doctor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the power yoga class, Destefano, Boros, and Pelayo connected. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:397
Mcknight is a lifeguard. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dinwiddie is a painter. Tun is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the community garden, Tun, Mcknight, and Dinwiddie connected. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:398
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Moskal is an author. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Navarrete is a translator. Sahagun is a customer service representative. At the gallery opening event, Sahagun, Navarrete, and Moskal met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:399
Beamer is a plumber. Bown is a tailor. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Jinks is a manager. At the halloweeen party, Jinks, Beamer, and Bown ran into each other. The party is free entry for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:400
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Ayres is a baker. Mickelsen is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Means is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Means, Mickelsen, and Ayres connected at the community garden. The dogs here are lovely. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:401
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Atteberry is a tailor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Chatman is a lecturer. Twitty is a florist. At the community garden, Atteberry, Twitty, and Chatman met. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:402
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Howerton is a chef. Amerson is a customer service representative. Kaczor is a translator. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the bar crawl, Kaczor, Howerton, and Amerson met. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. Ze told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:403
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lombardi is a bookkeeper. Segers is a newsreader. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ghosh is a customer service representative. Ghosh, Segers, and Lombardi came across each other at the food co-op. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:404
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lassiter is a newsreader. Malagon is a translator. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Carcamo is a baker. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Malagon, Lassiter, and Carcamo came across each other at the new year party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:405
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Culler is a translator. Vasquez is a bricklayer. Mccaslin is a baker. At the community garden, Vasquez, Culler, and Mccaslin ran into each other. The park is beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:406
Bissonnette is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Soe is a lifeguard. Pereda is a real estate agent. Soe, Pereda, and Bissonnette connected at the cooking class. Each session teaches a different theme. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:407
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Felts is a newsreader. Heinen is a translator. Chicoine is a customer service representative. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Felts, Chicoine, and Heinen came across each other at the charity car wash. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:408
Swarts is a manager. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Connery is a painter. Luker is an author. Swarts, Luker, and Connery connected at the food and drink festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:409
Esguerra is a tailor. Mettler is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Merwin is a florist. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Merwin, Mettler, and Esguerra connected at the wine tasting. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:410
Digiacomo is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Worsley is a customer service representative. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Bartsch is a researcher. Bartsch, Worsley, and Digiacomo came across each other at the restaurant. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:411
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Shank is a tailor. Tacker is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Wert is a newsreader. At the fitness class, Tacker, Wert, and Shank ran into each other. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:412
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Millsaps is a translator. Reck is a painter. Rolen is a labourer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the charity car wash, Millsaps, Reck, and Rolen met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:413
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hickson is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Towner is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Swett is a mechanic. Swett, Towner, and Hickson connected at the book club. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:414
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Voorhees is a lifeguard. Grimshaw is a researcher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Aguilar is a baker. Voorhees, Grimshaw, and Aguilar connected at the new year party. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:415
Monteith is a customer service representative. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Call is a lecturer. Hager is an author. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the theme park, Call, Monteith, and Hager met. The park has many plants and flowers. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:416
Quandt is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Nations is a customer service representative. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chisholm is a labourer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Quandt, Nations, and Chisholm connected at the grocery store. Markets are usually crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:417
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Burgan is a chef. Swanson is a researcher. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Huseman is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the commuter bus, Swanson, Burgan, and Huseman met. The public buses are comfortable to ride. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:418
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Peer is a customer service representative. Lattin is a chef. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Belue is a researcher. Peer, Belue, and Lattin connected at the restaurant. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:419
Jetton is a customer service representative. Diosdado is a tailor. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ogorman is a bricklayer. Diosdado, Ogorman, and Jetton connected at the commuter bus. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:420
Mccluskey is a mechanic. Geary is a bricklayer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Benedetti is a translator. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the gallery opening event, Benedetti, Mccluskey, and Geary ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:421
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Cevallos is a baker. Deweese is a lecturer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Wakefield is a customer service representative. At the animal shelter, Wakefield, Cevallos, and Deweese connected. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:422
Mathison is a labourer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Byrum is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Jahnke is a bricklayer. Byrum, Jahnke, and Mathison came across each other at the fitness class. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. Ze told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:423
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Weyant is a translator. Kahl is a newsreader. Napoli is a real estate agent. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the french class, Weyant, Kahl, and Napoli met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:424
Laborde is a plumber. Swensen is a translator. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brodeur is a labourer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the restaurant, Swensen, Laborde, and Brodeur ran into each other. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:425
Kobayashi is a researcher. Pegues is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mantz is a mechanic. Mantz, Pegues, and Kobayashi connected at the local talk. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:426
Horrell is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Valera is a tailor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Goodwyn is a real estate agent. At the community garden, Horrell, Goodwyn, and Valera met. The picnic line is very short in this park. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:427
Mosier is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Enderle is a manager. Liebman is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the happy hours, Mosier, Liebman, and Enderle ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:428
Oropeza is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Semler is an author. Rauch is a tailor. Semler, Oropeza, and Rauch connected at the commuter bus. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:429
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Westervelt is a researcher. Kappes is a tailor. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bourque is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the networking event, Kappes, Bourque, and Westervelt connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:430
Starrett is an author. Tagle is a chef. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bala is a researcher. At the boardwalk arcade, Tagle, Starrett, and Bala connected. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:431
Pajak is an author. Lapan is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nakashima is a labourer. At the happy hours, Lapan, Nakashima, and Pajak met. One of the few spots for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:432
Kimura is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Arboleda is a manager. Barajas is a painter. At the animal shelter, Barajas, Arboleda, and Kimura ran into each other. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:433
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kelling is a labourer. Roca is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Germann is a manager. Kelling, Roca, and Germann connected at the high intensity class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:434
Voelker is a lifeguard. Gillett is a real estate agent. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Armijo is a plumber. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the fitness class, Gillett, Armijo, and Voelker connected. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:435
Hoyos is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stroh is a lifeguard. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Klem is a researcher. At the food co-op, Klem, Stroh, and Hoyos ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:436
Camargo is a manager. Decuir is a translator. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. To is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Camargo, To, and Decuir ran into each other. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:437
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Belford is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Jasinski is a tailor. Azevedo is a mechanic. At the wine tasting, Belford, Azevedo, and Jasinski met. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:438
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hutchison is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tuck is a translator. Frame is a newsreader. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the happy hours, Frame, Tuck, and Hutchison ran into each other. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:439
Appleby is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Cuellar is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mansell is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Appleby, Mansell, and Cuellar connected at the cooking class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:440
Porath is an author. Matute is a plumber. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ohl is a translator. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the rock climbing gym, Porath, Ohl, and Matute ran into each other. The gym is a great place to exercise in the winter. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:441
Espy is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Sevigny is a doctor. Broadhead is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the boardwalk arcade, Espy, Broadhead, and Sevigny ran into each other. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:442
Beardsley is a tailor. Erdmann is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Swinford is a doctor. Swinford, Beardsley, and Erdmann connected at the fitness class. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:443
Dunker is a bookkeeper. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Puentes is a plumber. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Roll is an author. Roll, Puentes, and Dunker came across each other at the hotel. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:444
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Yerkes is a bookkeeper. Riendeau is a florist. Ranallo is a real estate agent. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the yoga studio, Yerkes, Ranallo, and Riendeau ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:445
Frisch is a manager. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Basulto is a bookkeeper. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Laughter is an author. At the wedding, Frisch, Laughter, and Basulto ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:446
Mcmahon is a tailor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sowers is a lifeguard. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Henriksen is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Henriksen, Mcmahon, and Sowers came across each other at the local talk. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:447
Hutcheson is a manager. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Thill is a labourer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Hacker is a doctor. At the wedding, Thill, Hacker, and Hutcheson met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:448
Desanto is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Scoville is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Linehan is a bricklayer. Linehan, Scoville, and Desanto came across each other at the fitness class. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:449
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Ou is a florist. Stilwell is a tailor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Bohanon is a real estate agent. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Stilwell, Ou, and Bohanon came across each other at the animal shelter. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:450
Resnick is a customer service representative. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Spinner is a newsreader. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Chao is a bookkeeper. At the boardwalk arcade, Chao, Resnick, and Spinner ran into each other. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:451
Rosenblum is an author. Gilroy is a chef. Kegley is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food and drink festival, Rosenblum, Kegley, and Gilroy met. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:452
Brost is a translator. Kittleson is a newsreader. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wightman is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Kittleson, Wightman, and Brost connected at the grocery store. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:453
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Seely is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Huitron is a painter. Shu is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the open gallery museum, Seely, Shu, and Huitron met. This museum and art is what we need more of. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:454
Leverette is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Falvey is a baker. Wang is a painter. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Falvey, Leverette, and Wang connected at the new year party. The party is also filled by the band. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:455
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Kegley is an author. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rebolledo is a plumber. Lolley is a lifeguard. At the high intensity class, Lolley, Rebolledo, and Kegley met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:456
Genao is a manager. Ono is a labourer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Rankins is a real estate agent. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rankins, Genao, and Ono connected at the high intensity class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:457
Vangundy is a bricklayer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mcguinness is a labourer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Etter is a manager. Mcguinness, Vangundy, and Etter connected at the boardwalk arcade. There are some good options for food too. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:458
Yopp is a manager. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Westerfield is a lecturer. Carabajal is a tailor. At the commuter bus, Carabajal, Yopp, and Westerfield ran into each other. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:459
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Fiscus is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Alday is a lifeguard. Coffelt is a florist. Alday, Coffelt, and Fiscus came across each other at the french class. Each session teaches a different theme. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:460
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Lareau is a bricklayer. Boydston is a painter. Cooperman is a newsreader. At the specialty retail store, Cooperman, Lareau, and Boydston connected. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:461
Whitehurst is a doctor. Gurney is a lifeguard. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Hovis is a bookkeeper. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the open gallery museum, Whitehurst, Gurney, and Hovis ran into each other. Museums have free exhibitions. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:462
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Nilles is a manager. Averill is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Koon is a doctor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Koon, Nilles, and Averill connected at the animal shelter. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. They told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:463
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Behringer is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Aburto is a newsreader. Tolbert is a bricklayer. Aburto, Tolbert, and Behringer came across each other at the open gallery museum. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:464
Hottinger is a bricklayer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Prieto is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Bergstrom is a baker. At the yoga studio, Hottinger, Bergstrom, and Prieto connected. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:465
Yin is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Cartwright is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tooley is a doctor. Cartwright, Yin, and Tooley connected at the party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:466
Raulerson is a florist. Kicklighter is a doctor. Atwater is a bricklayer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the cafe, Atwater, Raulerson, and Kicklighter connected. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:467
Speicher is a florist. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Sikes is a bricklayer. Overcash is a tailor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the french class, Overcash, Speicher, and Sikes ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:468
Chamorro is a bookkeeper. Silveira is a doctor. Rohe is a customer service representative. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the power yoga class, Rohe, Silveira, and Chamorro met. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:469
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Fryar is a painter. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Licona is a real estate agent. Havard is a baker. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the bar crawl, Fryar, Havard, and Licona ran into each other. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:470
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Orea is a newsreader. Cortina is a plumber. Owings is a baker. Owings, Cortina, and Orea connected at the power yoga class. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:471
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Coppola is a researcher. Kegler is a lifeguard. Alcantara is a baker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the hotel, Kegler, Alcantara, and Coppola ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:472
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Shinn is a florist. Mero is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Spink is a plumber. Mero, Spink, and Shinn connected at the networking event. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:473
Plaza is a bookkeeper. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Brafford is a tailor. Fredette is a real estate agent. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the bar crawl, Fredette, Plaza, and Brafford connected. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:474
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Alamillo is a bookkeeper. Bonn is a translator. Sabado is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the new year party, Bonn, Sabado, and Alamillo connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:475
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bastin is a newsreader. Steinert is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Perrotta is a tailor. At the halloweeen party, Perrotta, Bastin, and Steinert met. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:476
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lapoint is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Row is a lifeguard. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Falvey is a bookkeeper. At the gallery opening event, Falvey, Row, and Lapoint met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:477
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Garbarino is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Jaimes is a researcher. Heffner is a bookkeeper. At the yoga studio, Jaimes, Garbarino, and Heffner ran into each other. Yoga is best done in silence. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:478
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Grosso is a manager. Dalley is a lecturer. Pesce is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the gallery opening event, Grosso, Dalley, and Pesce met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:479
Arechiga is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Stamper is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Gramajo is a newsreader. At the boardwalk arcade, Stamper, Arechiga, and Gramajo met. The games are a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:480
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sowers is a customer service representative. Bohl is a lifeguard. Tarango is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bohl, Sowers, and Tarango connected at the commuter bus. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:481
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Garst is a chef. Tinney is a bricklayer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Connery is a mechanic. At the fitness class, Garst, Tinney, and Connery connected. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:482
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Corbo is a newsreader. Spell is a tailor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Fazio is a lecturer. At the fitness class, Corbo, Spell, and Fazio connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:483
Brun is a florist. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Batres is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Drayer is an author. At the boardwalk arcade, Brun, Batres, and Drayer connected. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:484
Lax is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Chastain is a bookkeeper. Stepanek is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the book club, Chastain, Lax, and Stepanek connected. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:485
Timmerman is a manager. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Waltz is a bookkeeper. Mcgee is an author. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the food co-op, Timmerman, Mcgee, and Waltz connected. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:486
Marte is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wightman is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Lozoya is an author. At the boardwalk arcade, Wightman, Lozoya, and Marte connected. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:487
Laporte is a real estate agent. Heisey is a translator. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Litman is a researcher. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Heisey, Litman, and Laporte came across each other at the wedding. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:488
Delatorre is a bricklayer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Huff is a painter. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Benning is a researcher. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Benning, Huff, and Delatorre came across each other at the networking event. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:489
Smithers is a florist. Turbeville is a bookkeeper. Sterrett is a newsreader. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Turbeville, Smithers, and Sterrett connected at the new year party. The party is free entry for everyone. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:490
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Short is a manager. Nemec is a lifeguard. Cowie is a bookkeeper. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the wedding, Cowie, Short, and Nemec connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:491
Dorantes is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Larochelle is a manager. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mosier is a translator. At the party, Mosier, Dorantes, and Larochelle connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:492
Broomfield is a customer service representative. Wheaton is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Smothers is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the networking event, Broomfield, Wheaton, and Smothers ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:493
Nardone is a doctor. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Moles is a bricklayer. Krieg is a labourer. Moles, Nardone, and Krieg connected at the grocery store. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:494
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pelayo is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hornbeck is a customer service representative. Wait is a labourer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the new year party, Hornbeck, Pelayo, and Wait connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:495
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Vancamp is a translator. Kamm is a painter. Snodgrass is a doctor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Kamm, Snodgrass, and Vancamp connected at the wedding. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:496
Durst is a researcher. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Haygood is a translator. Batten is a bricklayer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Batten, Durst, and Haygood came across each other at the cooking class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:497
Klepper is a researcher. Kellum is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Crider is a florist. Kellum, Crider, and Klepper came across each other at the wedding. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:498
Pelham is an author. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Vanvliet is a manager. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Souther is a plumber. At the theme park, Vanvliet, Pelham, and Souther met. The dogs here are lovely. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:499
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Merrifield is a lecturer. Umberger is a plumber. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Lowther is an author. Lowther, Umberger, and Merrifield came across each other at the fitness class. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:500
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Larrea is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mansell is a bricklayer. Baham is a lifeguard. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the wedding, Baham, Larrea, and Mansell ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:501
Barajas is a researcher. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Chamness is a translator. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Cramer is a lecturer. At the rock climbing gym, Barajas, Cramer, and Chamness connected. The gym is also a great way to get to know each other. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:502
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Guimond is a researcher. Barrs is a baker. Nutter is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Nutter, Guimond, and Barrs connected at the local talk. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:503
Cargill is a lifeguard. Swiatek is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kimbrell is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cargill, Swiatek, and Kimbrell connected at the grocery store. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:504
Hassen is a plumber. Heiman is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vanriper is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the bar crawl, Vanriper, Hassen, and Heiman ran into each other. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:505
Sayers is a florist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mckeithan is a newsreader. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Stage is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the restaurant, Sayers, Stage, and Mckeithan connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:506
Pegg is a researcher. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Euceda is a newsreader. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Grooms is a painter. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the new year party, Grooms, Pegg, and Euceda met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:507
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Alday is a plumber. Ware is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Ranney is a manager. At the partner dancing classes, Ware, Ranney, and Alday met. Classes teach new things every week. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:508
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Zeng is an author. Drost is a labourer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Freund is a bricklayer. At the theme park, Freund, Zeng, and Drost met. The park is beautiful. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:509
Cundiff is a researcher. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Hage is a bricklayer. Bhakta is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the rock climbing gym, Cundiff, Bhakta, and Hage met. People can really make a lasting impression off each other at the gym! She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:510
Hitz is a real estate agent. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fuentez is a lecturer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Reimer is a chef. Hitz, Reimer, and Fuentez connected at the party. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:511
Vannostrand is a customer service representative. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kollman is a lifeguard. Falvey is a florist. Kollman, Vannostrand, and Falvey connected at the halloweeen party. The party is going to be full. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:512
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Varley is a customer service representative. Spinella is a painter. Bruning is a labourer. Spinella, Varley, and Bruning connected at the commuter bus. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:513
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Sams is a customer service representative. Hoff is a plumber. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Schlemmer is a florist. At the commuter bus, Schlemmer, Sams, and Hoff ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:514
Dressel is a florist. Mahone is a lecturer. Tallman is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the rock climbing gym, Mahone, Tallman, and Dressel ran into each other. After doing some exercise, it is recommended to go home, take a hot shower and give the body some rest. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:515
Viator is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Gully is a painter. Frison is a plumber. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the fitness class, Frison, Gully, and Viator ran into each other. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:516
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gurney is a doctor. Mustard is a florist. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Crudup is a plumber. Gurney, Crudup, and Mustard connected at the commuter bus. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:517
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Oconnell is a manager. Cassell is a florist. Keagle is a labourer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the gallery opening event, Cassell, Keagle, and Oconnell ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:518
Hallman is a bricklayer. Knuckles is a florist. Bernat is a labourer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the open gallery museum, Knuckles, Hallman, and Bernat ran into each other. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:519
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Gundlach is a newsreader. Slay is a bookkeeper. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Hillyard is a doctor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Slay, Hillyard, and Gundlach connected at the book club. Book clubs help expand social circles. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:520
Shank is a translator. Gochenour is a lecturer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Kozel is a researcher. At the food and drink festival, Gochenour, Kozel, and Shank ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:521
Dupuy is a doctor. Vines is a tailor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mumm is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the happy hours, Dupuy, Vines, and Mumm met. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:522
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Youngs is a newsreader. Ono is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Morita is a customer service representative. Youngs, Ono, and Morita came across each other at the commuter bus. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:523
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ebron is a florist. Etchison is a baker. Crothers is a customer service representative. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Etchison, Crothers, and Ebron came across each other at the local talk. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:524
Legault is a bricklayer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Grillo is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Turpin is a chef. At the rock climbing gym, Legault, Turpin, and Grillo connected. It is open to all ages. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:525
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Harjo is a labourer. Fleck is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Swarthout is a chef. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the book club, Swarthout, Fleck, and Harjo ran into each other. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:526
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Harrold is a newsreader. Tinnin is a florist. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ybarra is a labourer. Harrold, Tinnin, and Ybarra connected at the halloweeen party. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:527
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Moxley is a plumber. Niemann is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Grandison is a newsreader. At the boardwalk arcade, Niemann, Grandison, and Moxley connected. There is a lot of other play places on the map. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:528
Pendergrass is a doctor. Mehaffey is a translator. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Holthaus is a newsreader. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the wine tasting, Holthaus, Pendergrass, and Mehaffey ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:529
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Beaird is a painter. Mcmahon is a baker. Nardone is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the partner dancing classes, Beaird, Mcmahon, and Nardone met. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. They reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:530
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Graciano is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Htoo is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lumsden is a bricklayer. At the power yoga class, Htoo, Lumsden, and Graciano ran into each other. The class starts with a warm - up session. Ze reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:531
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Bluhm is a real estate agent. Pegues is a florist. Vancil is a bricklayer. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Pegues, Bluhm, and Vancil met. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:532
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Crossland is a manager. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Cantwell is a bookkeeper. Starcher is a florist. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the design expo, Cantwell, Starcher, and Crossland ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:533
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Dupre is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Whitmore is a chef. Dowell is a florist. At the partner dancing classes, Whitmore, Dupre, and Dowell met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:534
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Stoltenberg is a painter. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Kimura is a real estate agent. Pellegrino is an author. At the partner dancing classes, Kimura, Pellegrino, and Stoltenberg ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:535
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Oaks is a lifeguard. Wightman is a labourer. Kocher is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the partner dancing classes, Kocher, Wightman, and Oaks ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:536
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Folks is a baker. Alamillo is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Rust is a newsreader. At the party, Folks, Alamillo, and Rust ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:537
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sundberg is an author. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Monk is a researcher. Yeboah is a tailor. Monk, Sundberg, and Yeboah connected at the power yoga class. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:538
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Westphal is a labourer. Radtke is a lifeguard. Rivenbark is a manager. At the cafe, Rivenbark, Radtke, and Westphal ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:539
Renda is a bookkeeper. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Deckard is a researcher. Burr is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Deckard, Burr, and Renda connected at the party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:540
Fuerte is a newsreader. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Risser is a tailor. File is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. File, Risser, and Fuerte came across each other at the french class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:541
Pennock is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Ables is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Gula is a manager. Gula, Ables, and Pennock connected at the yoga studio. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:542
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Heywood is a bricklayer. Howington is a tailor. Hoff is a newsreader. At the animal shelter, Howington, Hoff, and Heywood connected. Volunteering will bring confidence. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:543
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dressel is a florist. Westmoreland is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Feemster is a lifeguard. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the cooking class, Dressel, Westmoreland, and Feemster ran into each other. It's a huge place! She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:544
Trivette is a real estate agent. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hoglund is a baker. Coble is a researcher. At the partner dancing classes, Hoglund, Coble, and Trivette met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:545
Birt is a florist. Kelling is a chef. Culler is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the wedding, Birt, Culler, and Kelling met. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:546
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Milian is a labourer. Turbeville is a researcher. Borek is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the design expo, Milian, Borek, and Turbeville met. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:547
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Donner is a lecturer. Spohn is a labourer. Culbert is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the high intensity class, Spohn, Culbert, and Donner met. Classes provide fun and challenge. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:548
Pulaski is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Galaz is a tailor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Rowlands is a newsreader. At the cooking class, Galaz, Pulaski, and Rowlands ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:549
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Penrod is a translator. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Ybanez is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Doolan is a florist. Doolan, Ybanez, and Penrod came across each other at the community garden. The park has a lot of gardens. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:550
Pleasant is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Pinkston is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Vancil is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the rock climbing gym, Vancil, Pinkston, and Pleasant ran into each other. It's a perfect place to get a new look. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:551
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Liles is a doctor. Patti is a newsreader. Griffiths is a translator. Patti, Liles, and Griffiths connected at the food co-op. The other beverages served here are ok. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:552
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Renderos is a tailor. Goodwill is a baker. Moshier is a bricklayer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Goodwill, Renderos, and Moshier connected at the halloweeen party. The party is also filled by the band. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:553
Arreola is a mechanic. Mettler is a real estate agent. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mcdougal is a baker. At the wine tasting, Mcdougal, Arreola, and Mettler ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:554
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Porcaro is a painter. Howells is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Winget is a translator. At the charity car wash, Winget, Howells, and Porcaro met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:555
Helfer is a lecturer. Pettey is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hutt is a baker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the food festival, Hutt, Pettey, and Helfer ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:556
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Peterkin is a translator. Facio is a chef. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hulme is a customer service representative. At the yoga studio, Peterkin, Facio, and Hulme met. The class starts with a warm - up session. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:557
Selzer is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Southworth is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Wickersham is a bricklayer. At the new year party, Southworth, Selzer, and Wickersham ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:558
Arends is a bricklayer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Beer is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Geter is a baker. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the french class, Arends, Beer, and Geter connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:559
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Rountree is a translator. Castillon is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Waring is a tailor. Rountree, Castillon, and Waring came across each other at the animal shelter. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:560
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Okafor is a bricklayer. Damato is a plumber. Robichaud is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Robichaud, Damato, and Okafor came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:561
Duffey is a lifeguard. Bice is a bookkeeper. Koon is a customer service representative. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Duffey, Bice, and Koon came across each other at the hotel. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:562
Labarre is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Staab is a painter. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cuba is a real estate agent. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Cuba, Labarre, and Staab met. The community has an open kitchen. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:563
Stgermain is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Rowell is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cotten is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the halloweeen party, Rowell, Stgermain, and Cotten ran into each other. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. Ey told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:564
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Guffey is a labourer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ricker is a tailor. Sherrard is a bricklayer. Sherrard, Ricker, and Guffey came across each other at the animal shelter. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:565
Mozingo is a painter. Varga is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Moorefield is a customer service representative. At the specialty retail store, Moorefield, Varga, and Mozingo met. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:566
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ferreri is a florist. Bowley is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Moynihan is a tailor. At the wedding, Moynihan, Ferreri, and Bowley ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:567
Kramer is a real estate agent. Godbolt is a painter. Custodio is a plumber. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kramer, Custodio, and Godbolt connected at the cafe. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:568
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Simoes is a painter. Dyck is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Medders is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Simoes, Dyck, and Medders came across each other at the hotel. One of the few spots for everyone. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:569
Hadnot is a painter. Hegwood is an author. Renda is a researcher. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hadnot, Hegwood, and Renda connected at the bar crawl. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:570
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Luck is a florist. Scully is a mechanic. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Vidrine is a real estate agent. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the networking event, Vidrine, Luck, and Scully connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:571
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Stuckey is a florist. Balderrama is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Enciso is a bookkeeper. Balderrama, Stuckey, and Enciso came across each other at the bar crawl. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:572
Beutler is a lifeguard. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Cothren is a tailor. Hiller is a real estate agent. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the animal shelter, Cothren, Beutler, and Hiller ran into each other. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:573
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Afzal is a researcher. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Pai is a real estate agent. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Huebner is a baker. At the power yoga class, Pai, Afzal, and Huebner met. The class starts with a warm - up session. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:574
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kleist is a labourer. Oreilly is a lecturer. Strasser is a plumber. At the boardwalk arcade, Oreilly, Kleist, and Strasser met. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:575
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Saltsman is a painter. Riedel is a tailor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Steadman is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Steadman, Saltsman, and Riedel connected at the charity car wash. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:576
Fluharty is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Sawicki is a plumber. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Edelman is a researcher. Fluharty, Sawicki, and Edelman came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:577
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mcdougald is a tailor. Kimura is a chef. Stonge is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Stonge, Kimura, and Mcdougald came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:578
Buker is a mechanic. Collura is a customer service representative. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Harnish is a real estate agent. Buker, Harnish, and Collura came across each other at the cooking class. Classes teach new things every week. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:579
Nipper is a plumber. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mantz is a lifeguard. Crowl is a manager. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the wine tasting, Crowl, Nipper, and Mantz ran into each other. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:580
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gin is a lifeguard. Cassara is a labourer. Kurian is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the animal shelter, Kurian, Gin, and Cassara met. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:581
Barbosa is a real estate agent. Cooney is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Fonda is a doctor. Cooney, Barbosa, and Fonda came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. The community has an open kitchen. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:582
Turcotte is a labourer. Stauffer is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Grzybowski is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Turcotte, Grzybowski, and Stauffer connected at the local talk. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:583
Lall is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chamblee is a mechanic. Maclaren is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the yoga studio, Lall, Maclaren, and Chamblee ran into each other. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:584
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Chong is a real estate agent. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Speers is a florist. Lupton is a customer service representative. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the halloweeen party, Chong, Speers, and Lupton connected. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:585
Holston is a doctor. Salyer is a real estate agent. Bracey is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Salyer, Bracey, and Holston came across each other at the rock climbing gym. The gym is located on the southeast side of the campus, which runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily at Lenny's Club. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:586
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Culbertson is a labourer. Labrie is a newsreader. Won is a doctor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the networking event, Culbertson, Labrie, and Won connected. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:587
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Porath is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Armendariz is a lecturer. Butera is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Armendariz, Porath, and Butera connected. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:588
Ellinger is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Berggren is a researcher. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Maney is a translator. Berggren, Ellinger, and Maney came across each other at the commuter bus. Public transports are eco-friendly. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:589
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Leger is a florist. Edelman is a tailor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Leeman is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Leeman, Edelman, and Leger connected at the wine tasting. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:590
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Beach is a plumber. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Keeter is a florist. Gatti is a translator. Beach, Keeter, and Gatti connected at the partner dancing classes. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:591
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Liriano is a customer service representative. Besaw is a labourer. Phillippi is a bricklayer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the rock climbing gym, Phillippi, Besaw, and Liriano met. The gym is open until 10:00 pm. They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:592
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Kettler is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Condit is a painter. Milstead is a mechanic. At the hotel, Milstead, Kettler, and Condit ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:593
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Clough is a bookkeeper. Desanto is a chef. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Hodges is a tailor. At the restaurant, Clough, Desanto, and Hodges ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. Ze told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:594
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Guin is a plumber. Freund is a researcher. Jerkins is a lecturer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Guin, Jerkins, and Freund connected at the local talk. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:595
Peden is a tailor. Burt is a lecturer. Whitted is a chef. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Whitted, Peden, and Burt connected at the design expo. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:596
Rule is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Horgan is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Robinette is a florist. Robinette, Rule, and Horgan connected at the grocery store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:597
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Goheen is a labourer. Barajas is a baker. Friedel is a painter. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Goheen, Barajas, and Friedel connected at the partner dancing classes. The class is fun! He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:598
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Denney is a painter. Arjona is a customer service representative. Downes is a florist. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Downes, Arjona, and Denney connected at the restaurant. The coffee cake is quite good. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:599
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hovey is a baker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Deakins is a lecturer. Warf is a bricklayer. At the food festival, Hovey, Deakins, and Warf connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:600
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Sankey is a labourer. Gaunt is a bricklayer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Betancourt is a lecturer. Sankey, Betancourt, and Gaunt connected at the yoga studio. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:601
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Autrey is a researcher. Samples is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Nath is a newsreader. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Autrey, Nath, and Samples came across each other at the cooking class. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:602
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Poulson is an author. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Wildes is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Borkowski is a newsreader. At the high intensity class, Borkowski, Wildes, and Poulson met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:603
Urquhart is a painter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bos is a lifeguard. Branam is a baker. Bos, Branam, and Urquhart came across each other at the community garden. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:604
Cui is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Nunnally is an author. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Lafever is a lecturer. At the boardwalk arcade, Lafever, Nunnally, and Cui connected. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:605
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Meaux is a translator. Heil is a researcher. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Legendre is a labourer. Meaux, Heil, and Legendre connected at the social community gathering. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:606
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lederer is a chef. Holdsworth is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Metoyer is a painter. At the partner dancing classes, Metoyer, Holdsworth, and Lederer ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:607
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mosteller is a researcher. Marks is a lecturer. Brigman is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Brigman, Marks, and Mosteller came across each other at the food co-op. The place is nice. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:608
Barco is a tailor. Sowers is a painter. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Alvis is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the local talk, Alvis, Sowers, and Barco ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:609
Kukla is a newsreader. Nordby is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Alvarez is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Alvarez, Nordby, and Kukla connected at the cooking class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:610
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Rossman is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Dolezal is a newsreader. Back is a bricklayer. At the new year party, Back, Dolezal, and Rossman connected. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:611
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hornback is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Alkire is a researcher. Montilla is a customer service representative. Alkire, Montilla, and Hornback connected at the happy hours. The beer is excellent. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:612
Hirth is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Akers is a tailor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Novy is a florist. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the high intensity class, Novy, Hirth, and Akers connected. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:613
Krapf is a lecturer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Nemec is a tailor. Nass is a baker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Nass, Krapf, and Nemec came across each other at the open gallery museum. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:614
Mcwhirter is a researcher. Ethridge is a baker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Belote is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the yoga studio, Ethridge, Belote, and Mcwhirter ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:615
Wrobel is a labourer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Volpe is a painter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Greenwood is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Greenwood, Volpe, and Wrobel came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:616
Chambless is an author. Holbert is a chef. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Eckhart is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Holbert, Chambless, and Eckhart connected at the high intensity class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:617
Hower is a plumber. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Taube is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fleck is an author. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Taube, Hower, and Fleck came across each other at the cooking class. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:618
Tarver is a lifeguard. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Hedlund is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Defelice is a manager. At the wedding, Hedlund, Tarver, and Defelice met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:619
Schrock is a florist. Bewley is an author. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Wysong is a doctor. At the party, Bewley, Schrock, and Wysong ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:620
Souther is a researcher. Crowther is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Henze is a mechanic. Souther, Henze, and Crowther connected at the charity car wash. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:621
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gee is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mangum is a labourer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hollowell is a real estate agent. At the rock climbing gym, Gee, Mangum, and Hollowell ran into each other. The gym is located in the same building as the famous Old Glory training ground. They told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:622
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Sanner is a labourer. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Calleros is a bookkeeper. Hipp is a doctor. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the commuter bus, Hipp, Sanner, and Calleros ran into each other. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:623
Harker is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Horton is a newsreader. Althoff is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the yoga studio, Horton, Althoff, and Harker ran into each other. The class starts with a warm - up session. Ey told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:624
Foss is a lecturer. Laporte is a painter. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Elzey is a researcher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the wine tasting, Laporte, Foss, and Elzey met. The drinks are served on time. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:625
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Stutts is a labourer. Wessels is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Rothman is a painter. Wessels, Stutts, and Rothman came across each other at the fitness class. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:626
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Cardinale is a chef. Swart is a mechanic. Milliner is a real estate agent. Milliner, Cardinale, and Swart connected at the grocery store. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:627
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Kreis is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dufresne is a painter. Trammel is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Dufresne, Kreis, and Trammel came across each other at the rock climbing gym. It's a perfect place to get a new look. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:628
Connery is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Onorato is a labourer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Bertucci is an author. At the cafe, Onorato, Connery, and Bertucci met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:629
Pierro is an author. Broach is a painter. Kuhn is a lecturer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the wedding, Broach, Kuhn, and Pierro ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:630
Kleist is an author. Courville is a lecturer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Ridgway is a doctor. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the wedding, Kleist, Ridgway, and Courville connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:631
Kirkpatrick is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Zumwalt is a bookkeeper. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Garciahernande is a labourer. Garciahernande, Kirkpatrick, and Zumwalt came across each other at the restaurant. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:632
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Arguelles is a lecturer. Guidroz is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Suiter is a newsreader. At the social community gathering, Arguelles, Guidroz, and Suiter met. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:633
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Worcester is a mechanic. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Okelley is a labourer. Cotto is a manager. At the gallery opening event, Worcester, Cotto, and Okelley connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:634
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Timmerman is a chef. Crumrine is a doctor. Corr is a lecturer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the cafe, Crumrine, Corr, and Timmerman connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:635
Pedroza is a bricklayer. Hornberger is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Minnich is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the restaurant, Pedroza, Minnich, and Hornberger met. The other beverages served here are ok. They told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:636
Alligood is a baker. Heald is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Dickie is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Alligood, Dickie, and Heald came across each other at the commuter bus. The public buses are comfortable to ride. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:637
Sirmans is a translator. Durr is a manager. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Cashion is a plumber. Durr, Cashion, and Sirmans came across each other at the animal shelter. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:638
Mcmillan is a researcher. Morvant is a doctor. Debruin is a mechanic. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Debruin, Mcmillan, and Morvant connected at the yoga studio. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:639
Batres is a manager. Zwick is a lifeguard. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Threet is a plumber. Zwick, Threet, and Batres connected at the wedding. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:640
Bartsch is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Yeomans is a painter. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Wirick is a bookkeeper. At the power yoga class, Wirick, Yeomans, and Bartsch met. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:641
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pontius is a labourer. Gangi is a baker. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Atkinson is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Atkinson, Gangi, and Pontius connected at the food and drink festival. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:642
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Clasen is a lecturer. Webber is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Byun is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the community garden, Byun, Webber, and Clasen met. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:643
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Reynoso is a customer service representative. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Riemer is a painter. Holzer is a translator. At the halloweeen party, Holzer, Riemer, and Reynoso connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:644
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Turcotte is a lecturer. Cheadle is a bricklayer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bauman is a translator. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the animal shelter, Turcotte, Cheadle, and Bauman met. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:645
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gabaldon is a real estate agent. Bhardwaj is a bricklayer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gelman is a labourer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the fitness class, Gelman, Gabaldon, and Bhardwaj ran into each other. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:646
Choquette is a lecturer. Nunnery is a researcher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Thiel is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the power yoga class, Thiel, Choquette, and Nunnery ran into each other. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:647
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Ortis is a plumber. Feemster is a bookkeeper. Smail is a painter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Feemster, Ortis, and Smail connected at the yoga studio. A yoga class helps live a happier life. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:648
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Armstead is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Minch is a mechanic. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Coppola is a researcher. At the food festival, Armstead, Minch, and Coppola met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:649
Gibbens is a chef. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Manson is a doctor. Cockrum is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the community garden, Gibbens, Manson, and Cockrum ran into each other. The dogs here are lovely. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:650
Evanoff is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wagar is a baker. Hegwood is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Hegwood, Wagar, and Evanoff connected at the grocery store. The market is open to all genders and ages. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:651
Keeter is a researcher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Wilkie is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dau is a newsreader. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the community garden, Keeter, Dau, and Wilkie ran into each other. The dogs here are lovely. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:652
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Mun is a mechanic. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Desir is a tailor. Hillenbrand is a bricklayer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mun, Desir, and Hillenbrand connected at the cafe. The coffee tea is great. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:653
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Larochelle is a translator. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dunkle is a customer service representative. Markowitz is a tailor. Dunkle, Larochelle, and Markowitz connected at the happy hours. The food here is very tasty. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:654
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Schrage is a researcher. Norberg is a florist. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Noone is a real estate agent. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Noone, Norberg, and Schrage connected. The community has an open kitchen. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:655
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Hewes is a lifeguard. Tesfaye is a baker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lenihan is a doctor. Hewes, Tesfaye, and Lenihan connected at the yoga studio. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:656
Pavlik is a lecturer. Heenan is a doctor. Goodsell is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Goodsell, Heenan, and Pavlik came across each other at the food festival. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:657
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Blowers is a researcher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Defilippo is a florist. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Seyler is a lecturer. At the open gallery museum, Defilippo, Seyler, and Blowers connected. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:658
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Milliken is a lecturer. Benninger is a newsreader. Hornberger is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the community garden, Milliken, Benninger, and Hornberger met. The birds are wild and hungry! She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:659
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lampert is a translator. Stenzel is a bookkeeper. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Maysonet is a customer service representative. Maysonet, Stenzel, and Lampert connected at the theme park. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:660
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Huntoon is a baker. Wilt is a labourer. Falzone is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Falzone, Wilt, and Huntoon connected at the specialty retail store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:661
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Wallis is a researcher. Cassell is a labourer. Rondeau is a real estate agent. At the charity car wash, Wallis, Rondeau, and Cassell ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:662
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Cooperman is a plumber. Porch is a florist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Muldoon is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the hotel, Porch, Cooperman, and Muldoon met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:663
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Hollenbach is a customer service representative. Ekstrom is an author. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Edens is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the food and drink festival, Edens, Hollenbach, and Ekstrom met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:664
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Berndt is a customer service representative. Castellano is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Suiter is a plumber. At the wedding, Suiter, Berndt, and Castellano connected. A large number of people attend these events. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:665
Stich is a baker. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ezzell is a bookkeeper. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Caswell is a painter. Caswell, Stich, and Ezzell came across each other at the cafe. The place was crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:666
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Weng is a researcher. Gurney is a customer service representative. Lashbrook is a bookkeeper. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Lashbrook, Weng, and Gurney connected at the wedding. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:667
Whitmore is a painter. Onorato is a translator. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Barbosa is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Barbosa, Whitmore, and Onorato connected at the food co-op. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:668
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Jauregui is a painter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lafollette is a lifeguard. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Gaydos is a bricklayer. Jauregui, Lafollette, and Gaydos came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:669
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Pauling is a baker. Netherton is a bookkeeper. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Adcox is a newsreader. At the new year party, Pauling, Netherton, and Adcox connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:670
Chaves is a florist. Petro is a newsreader. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Dyck is a manager. At the party, Dyck, Petro, and Chaves connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:671
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Printz is a baker. Stites is a doctor. Gatti is a customer service representative. At the gallery opening event, Gatti, Printz, and Stites ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:672
Still is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Velarde is a mechanic. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Diosdado is an author. At the partner dancing classes, Velarde, Still, and Diosdado ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. They told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:673
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Beauvais is a chef. Morrissette is a researcher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Scruggs is an author. At the grocery store, Scruggs, Beauvais, and Morrissette ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:674
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Bartolotta is a florist. Hickerson is a translator. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Amezcua is a lecturer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Amezcua, Hickerson, and Bartolotta connected. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:675
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Demos is a tailor. Wedding is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Whitford is a labourer. At the community garden, Wedding, Whitford, and Demos ran into each other. The park looks nice. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:676
Gant is a newsreader. Silverstein is a lifeguard. Thome is a painter. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gant, Silverstein, and Thome came across each other at the grocery store. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:677
Blanford is a translator. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Windom is a tailor. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Marcelin is a chef. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the charity car wash, Marcelin, Windom, and Blanford ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:678
Milner is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Guertin is a plumber. Nutter is a labourer. At the social community gathering, Guertin, Milner, and Nutter connected. The community has an open kitchen. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:679
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Azam is a newsreader. Drury is a painter. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Thorp is a real estate agent. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Drury, Thorp, and Azam connected at the halloweeen party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:680
Ginsburg is a chef. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Yerger is a manager. Kowalewski is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the local talk, Kowalewski, Yerger, and Ginsburg met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:681
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mahon is a translator. Saylors is a lecturer. Dowdy is a manager. At the yoga studio, Dowdy, Mahon, and Saylors ran into each other. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:682
Cabral is a tailor. Futrell is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Desir is a painter. Futrell, Cabral, and Desir connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. It is a place of faith. They reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:683
Dewolf is a researcher. Kasprzak is a bookkeeper. Collum is a plumber. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Collum, Kasprzak, and Dewolf connected at the party. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:684
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Tatro is a researcher. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Burnley is a doctor. Deweese is a florist. At the cafe, Deweese, Tatro, and Burnley connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:685
Ratner is a bricklayer. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Robards is a bookkeeper. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Truong is a labourer. Ratner, Truong, and Robards came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. Community service is wonderful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:686
Caggiano is a bookkeeper. Broadhead is a lifeguard. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Burgan is a tailor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the design expo, Caggiano, Burgan, and Broadhead connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:687
Mullaney is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Nett is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Burkes is a mechanic. At the theme park, Burkes, Mullaney, and Nett ran into each other. We have some nice white rabbits here too. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:688
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fielder is a plumber. Caicedo is a labourer. Lohse is a florist. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the partner dancing classes, Fielder, Lohse, and Caicedo ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:689
Destefano is a translator. Foshee is a chef. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Loewen is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Foshee, Destefano, and Loewen came across each other at the community garden. The park has a park toilet as well! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:690
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Kocsis is a tailor. Montoya is a newsreader. Taube is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the charity car wash, Montoya, Taube, and Kocsis ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:691
Hoy is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Castello is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Udell is a labourer. Castello, Hoy, and Udell connected at the bar crawl. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:692
Wolfer is a baker. Valenti is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Beckley is a painter. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the new year party, Wolfer, Beckley, and Valenti ran into each other. The party is free entry for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:693
Barefield is a bricklayer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Grizzle is a plumber. Juneau is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the charity car wash, Barefield, Juneau, and Grizzle connected. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:694
Mangum is a baker. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Whidden is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Stabler is a bricklayer. At the specialty retail store, Mangum, Whidden, and Stabler connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:695
Stenson is a baker. Delva is a bookkeeper. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hooks is a chef. At the restaurant, Delva, Hooks, and Stenson met. One of the few spots for everyone. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:696
Goodsell is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chong is a labourer. Vandoren is a baker. At the wedding, Vandoren, Chong, and Goodsell ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:697
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mcdougald is a manager. Gibbens is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mcgowan is a newsreader. Gibbens, Mcdougald, and Mcgowan came across each other at the new year party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:698
Wills is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Horner is a painter. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Imel is a real estate agent. At the fitness class, Wills, Imel, and Horner ran into each other. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:699
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Meurer is a lecturer. Woodmansee is a mechanic. Baumgartner is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Meurer, Woodmansee, and Baumgartner connected at the cafe. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:700
Yard is a newsreader. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Jaimes is a painter. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Frisby is a translator. Yard, Jaimes, and Frisby came across each other at the happy hours. One of the few spots for everyone. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:701
Eakins is a real estate agent. Thome is a bookkeeper. Glaspie is a tailor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the social community gathering, Thome, Glaspie, and Eakins connected. The community is at a crossroads here. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:702
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Kandel is an author. Dubin is a real estate agent. Sales is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the yoga studio, Kandel, Sales, and Dubin met. Yoga is best done in silence. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:703
Mccardle is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Pinney is a researcher. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Jellison is a customer service representative. At the bar crawl, Pinney, Mccardle, and Jellison ran into each other. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:704
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wilkie is a tailor. Stjean is a chef. Bohannan is a baker. At the halloweeen party, Bohannan, Wilkie, and Stjean connected. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:705
Heenan is a newsreader. Gran is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Okelley is a translator. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the social community gathering, Okelley, Heenan, and Gran ran into each other. We have to work together through different platforms. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:706
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Huskins is a mechanic. Leaver is a bricklayer. Fitz is a manager. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the yoga studio, Leaver, Huskins, and Fitz connected. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:707
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Breedlove is a baker. Ahern is a real estate agent. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mcadams is a translator. Breedlove, Ahern, and Mcadams came across each other at the party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:708
Stinson is a bookkeeper. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lampley is a lecturer. Walpole is a plumber. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the cooking class, Stinson, Lampley, and Walpole ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:709
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. File is a real estate agent. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Voorhies is a researcher. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gastelum is a newsreader. At the yoga studio, Voorhies, Gastelum, and File ran into each other. The class starts with a warm - up session. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:710
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Sommerville is a baker. Heald is a lecturer. Atha is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the commuter bus, Atha, Sommerville, and Heald connected. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:711
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Springs is an author. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Barth is a plumber. Rhein is a newsreader. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Rhein, Barth, and Springs came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. A lot of games have many different endings. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:712
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Huffaker is a plumber. Spinner is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Malatesta is a manager. Spinner, Malatesta, and Huffaker connected at the cooking class. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:713
Ensign is a lifeguard. Jinks is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mullis is a labourer. Mullis, Jinks, and Ensign connected at the book club. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:714
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Arispe is a painter. Vess is a doctor. Foshee is a manager. At the design expo, Arispe, Vess, and Foshee connected. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:715
Summa is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Moorehead is a newsreader. Tonn is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the power yoga class, Summa, Tonn, and Moorehead ran into each other. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:716
Carlino is a researcher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Applewhite is a labourer. Lotz is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the community garden, Lotz, Carlino, and Applewhite met. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:717
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Timm is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Studebaker is a mechanic. Trader is a manager. At the partner dancing classes, Trader, Timm, and Studebaker ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:718
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Youngs is a chef. Pilon is a plumber. Warne is a painter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Warne, Pilon, and Youngs ran into each other. The community is at a crossroads here. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:719
Satterfield is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Almeda is a doctor. Copp is a plumber. Almeda, Copp, and Satterfield connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. It is a place of faith. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:720
Bortz is a florist. Crocker is a baker. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hollandsworth is a lecturer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bortz, Hollandsworth, and Crocker came across each other at the partner dancing classes. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:721
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gerber is a chef. Frisby is a baker. Preble is a newsreader. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Gerber, Preble, and Frisby came across each other at the community garden. The park looks nice. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:722
Bothwell is a mechanic. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Costello is an author. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Shadrick is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the open gallery museum, Costello, Shadrick, and Bothwell connected. Museums are definitely not boring! He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:723
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bien is a tailor. Gilder is a bookkeeper. Gentile is a labourer. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Bien, Gentile, and Gilder came across each other at the wedding. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:724
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Petry is a florist. Varga is a bookkeeper. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hager is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the gallery opening event, Petry, Varga, and Hager ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:725
Etter is a bricklayer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Alday is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Spagnola is a labourer. At the food and drink festival, Etter, Spagnola, and Alday ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:726
Zeiger is a baker. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Shepler is a translator. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Leavy is a doctor. Shepler, Zeiger, and Leavy came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:727
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Butner is a tailor. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Smallwood is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hyden is a labourer. Butner, Smallwood, and Hyden came across each other at the food festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:728
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bothwell is a chef. Allman is a newsreader. Coop is a bookkeeper. At the wedding, Coop, Allman, and Bothwell met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:729
Wire is a doctor. Bruder is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Lamson is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the restaurant, Bruder, Wire, and Lamson ran into each other. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:730
Ruan is a researcher. Buffa is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Hubler is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Hubler, Ruan, and Buffa connected at the book club. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:731
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Maldonado is a baker. Gaviria is a labourer. Getz is a florist. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the open gallery museum, Gaviria, Maldonado, and Getz ran into each other. This museum and art is what we need more of. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:732
Ezzell is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Connors is a mechanic. Clasen is a researcher. At the animal shelter, Connors, Clasen, and Ezzell ran into each other. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:733
Pigg is a painter. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Moen is an author. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Laffoon is a labourer. Pigg, Laffoon, and Moen connected at the bar crawl. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:734
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Herrod is a manager. Orr is a labourer. Mayeux is a translator. At the open gallery museum, Mayeux, Orr, and Herrod ran into each other. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:735
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Mazur is an author. Tobler is a lifeguard. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Brune is a doctor. At the fitness class, Mazur, Tobler, and Brune met. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:736
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Dance is a lecturer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Brenneman is a customer service representative. Smitherman is an author. At the grocery store, Brenneman, Dance, and Smitherman met. The market is open to all genders and ages. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:737
Mattila is a newsreader. Todaro is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Woodmansee is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Woodmansee, Todaro, and Mattila connected at the food co-op. The place was crowded. Ze told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:738
Haines is a manager. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Bey is a translator. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Garfias is a doctor. Bey, Haines, and Garfias came across each other at the food festival. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:739
Muirhead is a plumber. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Vasser is an author. Blattner is a florist. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vasser, Muirhead, and Blattner connected at the grocery store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:740
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mcclanahan is a painter. Gilson is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Gendreau is a tailor. At the design expo, Mcclanahan, Gilson, and Gendreau connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:741
Haddox is a translator. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bonnette is a doctor. Mortimer is a lecturer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Bonnette, Haddox, and Mortimer connected at the networking event. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:742
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lapp is a painter. Chong is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Astudillo is a lecturer. At the fitness class, Astudillo, Chong, and Lapp met. The class starts with a warm - up session. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:743
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Petrie is a manager. Bonn is a newsreader. Vancamp is a customer service representative. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the yoga studio, Bonn, Petrie, and Vancamp ran into each other. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:744
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Elswick is a lecturer. Sussman is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Junker is a baker. Sussman, Elswick, and Junker connected at the yoga studio. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:745
Strickler is a bookkeeper. Boan is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Tripathi is a doctor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Boan, Tripathi, and Strickler came across each other at the cafe. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:746
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Minnich is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sartain is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bowlin is an author. Sartain, Minnich, and Bowlin connected at the specialty retail store. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:747
Watkins is a baker. Alverson is a mechanic. Lax is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the commuter bus, Alverson, Watkins, and Lax met. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:748
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dames is a bookkeeper. Morrow is a chef. Mccleery is a manager. Morrow, Mccleery, and Dames connected at the cooking class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:749
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Epley is a bookkeeper. Scheer is a researcher. Parenti is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Epley, Parenti, and Scheer connected at the wedding. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:750
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stokley is a plumber. Theroux is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Session is a real estate agent. At the design expo, Session, Stokley, and Theroux met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ey reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:751
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Haltom is a manager. Bernardini is a plumber. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Cordray is a bookkeeper. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Cordray, Haltom, and Bernardini met. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:752
Croxton is a lifeguard. Tussey is a painter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Lor is a real estate agent. At the happy hours, Tussey, Croxton, and Lor met. The beer is excellent. Ze reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:753
Hubler is an author. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Herrod is a customer service representative. Feldman is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Feldman, Hubler, and Herrod connected at the french class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:754
Blanton is a florist. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Huitt is an author. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Noack is a labourer. At the design expo, Huitt, Noack, and Blanton connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:755
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Eells is a labourer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Garver is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Sayre is a manager. At the bar crawl, Sayre, Garver, and Eells met. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:756
Rothschild is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Pfeiffer is a mechanic. Fenley is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the high intensity class, Fenley, Rothschild, and Pfeiffer ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:757
Pawlik is a customer service representative. Vosburg is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hotchkiss is a plumber. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the cooking class, Vosburg, Hotchkiss, and Pawlik met. The class is fun! He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:758
Wilkie is a painter. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Nawrocki is an author. Stites is a lecturer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the hotel, Nawrocki, Stites, and Wilkie ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:759
Wallingford is a real estate agent. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Stamper is a researcher. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mcgary is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Wallingford, Stamper, and Mcgary came across each other at the new year party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:760
Grimes is a mechanic. Keach is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Semler is a real estate agent. At the yoga studio, Keach, Semler, and Grimes connected. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:761
Tarlton is a baker. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lujano is a painter. Natoli is a labourer. At the theme park, Tarlton, Natoli, and Lujano ran into each other. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:762
Haynes is a lifeguard. Mccrimmon is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Raybon is a newsreader. Haynes, Mccrimmon, and Raybon came across each other at the social community gathering. We have to work together through different platforms. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:763
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Toler is a newsreader. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Steger is a manager. Marte is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Steger, Toler, and Marte connected at the party. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:764
Haberman is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Brace is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Euceda is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Brace, Haberman, and Euceda connected at the design expo. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:765
Bast is a bookkeeper. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Whitmore is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Raybon is a translator. At the community garden, Whitmore, Bast, and Raybon met. We have some nice white rabbits here too. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:766
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Sams is a plumber. Digiacomo is a baker. Hearn is a bookkeeper. Digiacomo, Hearn, and Sams came across each other at the high intensity class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:767
Klima is a baker. Ramesh is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Albee is a plumber. Klima, Albee, and Ramesh came across each other at the restaurant. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:768
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Villanueva is a painter. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Ambrosio is a doctor. Markland is a baker. At the halloweeen party, Markland, Ambrosio, and Villanueva ran into each other. The party is also filled by the band. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:769
Collie is a chef. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Roe is a real estate agent. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dufresne is a mechanic. Dufresne, Collie, and Roe came across each other at the social community gathering. We have to work together through different platforms. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:770
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Flack is a bricklayer. Shutt is a newsreader. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Colangelo is a bookkeeper. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the food festival, Colangelo, Flack, and Shutt connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:771
Brigman is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Smitherman is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Honaker is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the specialty retail store, Smitherman, Brigman, and Honaker ran into each other. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:772
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hubler is a bookkeeper. Casperson is a researcher. Cuadrado is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the boardwalk arcade, Cuadrado, Hubler, and Casperson met. A lot of games have many different endings. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:773
Halford is a bookkeeper. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Jeon is a baker. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Walch is a florist. Halford, Jeon, and Walch connected at the gallery opening event. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:774
Petitt is a chef. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Membreno is a bricklayer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Frisch is a manager. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Petitt, Membreno, and Frisch met. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:775
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Woodburn is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Schneck is a customer service representative. Gillon is a researcher. At the food co-op, Gillon, Schneck, and Woodburn met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:776
Bien is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Kinnaird is a doctor. Ardon is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Kinnaird, Bien, and Ardon came across each other at the commuter bus. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:777
Carnevale is a manager. Crary is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Brunton is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the new year party, Carnevale, Crary, and Brunton met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:778
Sheedy is a bricklayer. Border is a plumber. Cosio is a real estate agent. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the cooking class, Cosio, Sheedy, and Border ran into each other. Classes teach new things every week. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:779
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Pellot is a florist. Odum is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hickman is a painter. At the social community gathering, Pellot, Odum, and Hickman ran into each other. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. Ze told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:780
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Theiss is a florist. Erhart is a real estate agent. Homan is a mechanic. Theiss, Erhart, and Homan connected at the happy hours. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:781
Shew is a researcher. Coolidge is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rudnick is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Coolidge, Shew, and Rudnick came across each other at the new year party. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:782
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Doctor is a lecturer. Bayes is a researcher. Latimore is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the yoga studio, Latimore, Bayes, and Doctor connected. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. They told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:783
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Driver is an author. Okane is a tailor. Keeling is a bricklayer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the food festival, Keeling, Driver, and Okane ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:784
Inocencio is a lecturer. Vizcaino is a labourer. Canedo is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the community garden, Canedo, Vizcaino, and Inocencio connected. The park looks nice. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:785
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Giroux is a painter. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Hadnot is a baker. Runge is a translator. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the rock climbing gym, Runge, Giroux, and Hadnot ran into each other. The gym is also a great way to get to know each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:786
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Armentrout is a lecturer. Koss is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Pigeon is a translator. At the bar crawl, Armentrout, Koss, and Pigeon met. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:787
Chahal is a researcher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Mcgirt is a real estate agent. Saylors is a lifeguard. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the gallery opening event, Mcgirt, Chahal, and Saylors met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ze reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:788
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Risser is a labourer. Milam is a newsreader. Wilmes is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Milam, Risser, and Wilmes connected at the cafe. The food here has some of the best food in the city. Ey reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:789
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Miner is a lifeguard. Mazon is a labourer. Osby is a baker. At the gallery opening event, Mazon, Miner, and Osby met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:790
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Nock is a newsreader. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Putman is a real estate agent. Welcher is a researcher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the networking event, Putman, Welcher, and Nock connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:791
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Kifer is a bookkeeper. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Ogorman is a labourer. Milliken is a doctor. At the bar crawl, Kifer, Milliken, and Ogorman met. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:792
Springfield is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Howlett is a researcher. Pichardo is a lecturer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the grocery store, Springfield, Howlett, and Pichardo connected. Markets are full of surprises! He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:793
Pilgrim is a painter. Toner is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Westerfield is a researcher. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Westerfield, Pilgrim, and Toner connected at the theme park. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:794
Meiser is a doctor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Berg is a customer service representative. Guth is a researcher. At the new year party, Berg, Meiser, and Guth connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:795
Roach is a labourer. Springer is a translator. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Boyette is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Springer, Boyette, and Roach ran into each other. The community is at a crossroads here. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:796
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Varley is a florist. Oberlin is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Elswick is a bookkeeper. Elswick, Oberlin, and Varley connected at the animal shelter. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. They told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:797
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Baumgartner is a tailor. Godbolt is a real estate agent. Currier is a manager. At the power yoga class, Godbolt, Baumgartner, and Currier met. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:798
Dunson is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Holthaus is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Varga is a florist. Holthaus, Dunson, and Varga connected at the charity car wash. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:799
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Folden is a labourer. Mccue is a lifeguard. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Holyfield is a researcher. Folden, Mccue, and Holyfield connected at the hotel. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:800
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Auman is a plumber. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Lippert is a real estate agent. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Klepper is an author. Auman, Klepper, and Lippert connected at the social community gathering. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:801
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Frierson is a bricklayer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Brickley is a painter. Marasco is a real estate agent. At the fitness class, Marasco, Frierson, and Brickley connected. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:802
Spinks is a tailor. Pilon is a mechanic. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Crowe is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the design expo, Pilon, Crowe, and Spinks met. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:803
Keehn is an author. Edens is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hofmann is a real estate agent. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the wine tasting, Hofmann, Edens, and Keehn ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:804
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Smead is a lecturer. Wills is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mcguffey is a bricklayer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Smead, Wills, and Mcguffey came across each other at the new year party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:805
Boos is a doctor. Weise is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mathes is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the food festival, Boos, Mathes, and Weise connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:806
Fultz is a real estate agent. Dickison is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pellegrino is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Dickison, Fultz, and Pellegrino connected at the french class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:807
Nester is a newsreader. Begum is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Gautreaux is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the boardwalk arcade, Gautreaux, Begum, and Nester met. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:808
Porath is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Moler is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Pop is a manager. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the bar crawl, Moler, Porath, and Pop connected. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:809
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Caplinger is a real estate agent. Fryman is a tailor. Matis is an author. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Matis, Fryman, and Caplinger connected at the social community gathering. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:810
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Clute is a labourer. Jarquin is a baker. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Danforth is an author. Jarquin, Clute, and Danforth connected at the wedding. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:811
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Shepardson is a translator. Billington is a plumber. Masuda is a chef. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the food festival, Masuda, Billington, and Shepardson connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:812
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hedden is a lifeguard. Crudup is a chef. Antillon is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Crudup, Hedden, and Antillon connected at the new year party. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:813
Crumrine is a translator. Patti is a real estate agent. Luongo is a florist. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Luongo, Patti, and Crumrine connected at the food festival. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:814
Robards is a real estate agent. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Windom is a mechanic. Markle is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Robards, Windom, and Markle connected at the networking event. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:815
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Arenas is a doctor. Diez is a lecturer. Moravec is a manager. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Moravec, Diez, and Arenas connected at the commuter bus. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:816
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Drummer is a labourer. Youngs is a researcher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Capobianco is a chef. At the theme park, Capobianco, Drummer, and Youngs connected. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:817
Taff is a doctor. Dermody is an author. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Boos is a real estate agent. At the design expo, Boos, Taff, and Dermody connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:818
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Dowell is an author. Macaluso is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Moyer is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the rock climbing gym, Dowell, Macaluso, and Moyer ran into each other. It's a perfect place to get a new look. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:819
Krapf is a customer service representative. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Eells is a translator. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Jaimes is a baker. Krapf, Eells, and Jaimes connected at the partner dancing classes. This class has amazing outcomes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:820
Vandeventer is a lifeguard. Swinton is a doctor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Justiniano is a painter. At the new year party, Justiniano, Swinton, and Vandeventer met. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:821
Ince is a tailor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bourque is a lecturer. Chee is a labourer. At the new year party, Bourque, Chee, and Ince connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:822
Ronning is a real estate agent. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Touchet is a labourer. Stenzel is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Stenzel, Ronning, and Touchet came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is also filled by the band. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:823
Salamanca is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Cleaves is a bricklayer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Scalzo is a lecturer. Cleaves, Salamanca, and Scalzo connected at the rock climbing gym. Going to a gym is the best idea to just focus on fitness goals. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:824
Zeng is a chef. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Preece is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Crouch is a bricklayer. Zeng, Crouch, and Preece came across each other at the grocery store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:825
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sasser is a real estate agent. Besaw is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Stivers is a bookkeeper. At the partner dancing classes, Sasser, Stivers, and Besaw met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:826
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Belmonte is a lifeguard. Portman is a customer service representative. Ostendorf is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the community garden, Ostendorf, Portman, and Belmonte met. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:827
Zobel is a lifeguard. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mader is a bookkeeper. Borchers is a doctor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the french class, Mader, Zobel, and Borchers ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:828
Hankerson is a tailor. Blazer is a translator. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Hofman is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the party, Blazer, Hofman, and Hankerson connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:829
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Blomquist is a baker. Spivak is a customer service representative. Wiegand is a lecturer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Blomquist, Wiegand, and Spivak came across each other at the french class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:830
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Botero is a manager. Hearn is a customer service representative. Reisner is a doctor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the yoga studio, Reisner, Botero, and Hearn ran into each other. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:831
Shetty is a labourer. Ono is a real estate agent. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Underhill is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the social community gathering, Ono, Underhill, and Shetty met. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:832
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Amaral is a researcher. Musto is a customer service representative. Linscott is a translator. At the social community gathering, Musto, Amaral, and Linscott met. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:833
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Emond is a florist. Sienkiewicz is a real estate agent. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Graddy is a chef. Graddy, Sienkiewicz, and Emond came across each other at the happy hours. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:834
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Chamness is a manager. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Cowgill is an author. Ader is a bricklayer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Ader, Chamness, and Cowgill came across each other at the wine tasting. The beer is excellent. They reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:835
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Kung is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Grooms is a tailor. Malatesta is a researcher. Grooms, Malatesta, and Kung connected at the specialty retail store. The market is open to all genders and ages. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:836
Rao is a bookkeeper. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Broach is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Noh is a chef. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the charity car wash, Rao, Noh, and Broach connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:837
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Macpherson is a plumber. Bancroft is a researcher. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. To is a painter. At the grocery store, Macpherson, Bancroft, and To ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:838
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Longshore is an author. Pederson is a newsreader. Brosius is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Longshore, Brosius, and Pederson came across each other at the yoga studio. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:839
Alday is a bricklayer. Mcmillian is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Paramo is a lifeguard. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the social community gathering, Mcmillian, Alday, and Paramo ran into each other. The community has an open kitchen. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:840
Stcyr is a florist. Cotto is a baker. Sabado is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the power yoga class, Stcyr, Sabado, and Cotto ran into each other. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. Ze told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:841
Hintze is a newsreader. Kloster is an author. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Sorensen is a lecturer. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Hintze, Kloster, and Sorensen ran into each other. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:842
Mckeown is a bricklayer. Winchell is a mechanic. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Wyrick is a researcher. Wyrick, Mckeown, and Winchell connected at the restaurant. The coffee tastes good. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:843
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Morvant is a newsreader. Lamson is a manager. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Resto is a lecturer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Lamson, Morvant, and Resto came across each other at the community garden. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:844
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Nunnally is a baker. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mosca is a florist. Hoppes is a tailor. At the local talk, Mosca, Nunnally, and Hoppes ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:845
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Yeary is a doctor. Cauble is a translator. Tague is a labourer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the commuter bus, Yeary, Tague, and Cauble connected. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:846
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Rizk is a customer service representative. Reames is a tailor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Teets is a newsreader. At the happy hours, Reames, Teets, and Rizk ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:847
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Glidewell is a newsreader. Oestreich is a doctor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Callihan is a bricklayer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Oestreich, Callihan, and Glidewell came across each other at the partner dancing classes. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:848
Palomera is a tailor. Clubb is a bookkeeper. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Starner is a bricklayer. Palomera, Clubb, and Starner came across each other at the rock climbing gym. People can really make a lasting impression off each other at the gym! He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:849
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kraft is a chef. Rust is a florist. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Theriault is a bricklayer. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the design expo, Rust, Theriault, and Kraft connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:850
Moldovan is a mechanic. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Fouch is a real estate agent. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Waldman is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Waldman, Fouch, and Moldovan came across each other at the design expo. A lot of people participate in these events! They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:851
Hofman is a researcher. Broadus is a baker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Pascoe is a labourer. Pascoe, Hofman, and Broadus connected at the food co-op. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:852
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Easterly is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Huizar is a bookkeeper. Pratt is a chef. At the party, Easterly, Huizar, and Pratt met. The party is also filled by the band. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:853
Laclair is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Vanarsdale is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rupp is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Laclair, Rupp, and Vanarsdale connected at the commuter bus. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:854
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Palafox is a labourer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kue is a chef. Goodrow is a customer service representative. At the happy hours, Kue, Goodrow, and Palafox ran into each other. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:855
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Curbelo is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Kehl is a mechanic. Maney is a painter. Kehl, Curbelo, and Maney came across each other at the community garden. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:856
Vidrine is a baker. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mederos is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Gaul is a customer service representative. At the wedding, Vidrine, Gaul, and Mederos ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:857
Ung is a plumber. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mcauliffe is a painter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Czech is a newsreader. At the book club, Czech, Ung, and Mcauliffe ran into each other. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:858
Laughlin is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wideman is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hirsch is a florist. At the community garden, Laughlin, Wideman, and Hirsch ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:859
Silvernail is a tailor. Hua is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hultgren is a florist. Hua, Silvernail, and Hultgren connected at the charity car wash. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:860
Whitmire is a plumber. Mcewan is a painter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Blevins is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mcewan, Whitmire, and Blevins connected at the new year party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:861
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Diehl is a labourer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Vancil is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Schramm is a painter. Schramm, Vancil, and Diehl connected at the rock climbing gym. The gym is located in Yap in Taipei, China and is the world's biggest gymnasium of its kind. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:862
Valeriano is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Vo is a florist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Dulaney is a newsreader. At the charity car wash, Dulaney, Valeriano, and Vo met. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:863
Blakeman is an author. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Jury is a real estate agent. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Cosgrove is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cosgrove, Blakeman, and Jury came across each other at the cooking class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:864
Chisholm is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Ostrom is a chef. Fuentez is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Chisholm, Ostrom, and Fuentez connected at the cooking class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:865
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Grimm is a painter. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Pinckney is a bookkeeper. Luker is a baker. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Grimm, Pinckney, and Luker connected at the open gallery museum. The museum has many ancient things. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:866
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Curtsinger is a chef. Mullan is a bookkeeper. Scheetz is a translator. At the party, Scheetz, Curtsinger, and Mullan connected. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:867
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Early is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Maharaj is a bookkeeper. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Guzik is a researcher. Early, Guzik, and Maharaj came across each other at the animal shelter. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:868
Miner is a researcher. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Huffer is a tailor. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Melillo is an author. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the social community gathering, Miner, Huffer, and Melillo ran into each other. The community has an open kitchen. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:869
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Riter is a customer service representative. Blanford is a newsreader. Macneil is a painter. At the food festival, Riter, Blanford, and Macneil connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:870
Buffa is a doctor. Cassel is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Sutphin is a chef. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the french class, Sutphin, Cassel, and Buffa ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. They told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:871
Prill is a doctor. Mertens is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Espinosa is a lecturer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the local talk, Espinosa, Prill, and Mertens met. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:872
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ting is a customer service representative. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Wooldridge is a painter. Siegel is a real estate agent. Ting, Wooldridge, and Siegel connected at the specialty retail store. The market is divided into sub-markets. Ze told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:873
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Berman is a plumber. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Kowalski is a baker. Noblitt is a manager. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the specialty retail store, Kowalski, Berman, and Noblitt connected. Markets are full of surprises! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:874
Lopes is a real estate agent. Board is a painter. Rizk is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Lopes, Board, and Rizk ran into each other. It is important to work together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:875
Tolan is a newsreader. Grigg is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Widner is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Grigg, Widner, and Tolan connected at the cooking class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:876
Ayon is an author. Kuhlman is a translator. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Berman is a lecturer. At the yoga studio, Ayon, Kuhlman, and Berman connected. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:877
Esparza is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Vasques is a mechanic. Dreier is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vasques, Dreier, and Esparza came across each other at the happy hours. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:878
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Quiroz is a bookkeeper. Dreher is a translator. Girard is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the party, Dreher, Quiroz, and Girard met. The party is free entry for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:879
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Thurlow is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Pratt is a chef. Resto is a bookkeeper. Resto, Pratt, and Thurlow came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:880
Erhardt is a mechanic. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Saez is a florist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Putman is an author. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the french class, Putman, Erhardt, and Saez met. The class is fun! Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:881
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Goodrich is an author. Letourneau is a painter. Thiele is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the theme park, Thiele, Goodrich, and Letourneau ran into each other. The park has many plants and flowers. They told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:882
Keeney is a labourer. Burstein is a manager. Spradlin is a newsreader. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the new year party, Spradlin, Keeney, and Burstein met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:883
Blais is a newsreader. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Saez is a florist. Dusek is a baker. At the commuter bus, Saez, Blais, and Dusek ran into each other. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:884
Cortina is a manager. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Enciso is a newsreader. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Popescu is a chef. At the charity car wash, Enciso, Popescu, and Cortina connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:885
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Jury is a baker. Potts is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Corzo is a customer service representative. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the french class, Jury, Corzo, and Potts met. The class is extremely motivating. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:886
Styers is a researcher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mustard is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Grimshaw is a newsreader. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the design expo, Grimshaw, Mustard, and Styers met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:887
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Goldman is a labourer. Higareda is a bricklayer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Loewen is a mechanic. At the animal shelter, Higareda, Loewen, and Goldman met. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:888
Rank is a bookkeeper. Espiritu is a painter. Lengacher is a chef. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Espiritu, Rank, and Lengacher ran into each other. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:889
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Aronson is a lifeguard. Brownstein is a customer service representative. Obregon is a painter. At the design expo, Brownstein, Obregon, and Aronson ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:890
Coster is a baker. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Styron is a customer service representative. Novy is a lecturer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the fitness class, Styron, Coster, and Novy connected. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:891
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Smead is a researcher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Chamberland is a mechanic. Oconnell is a lecturer. Oconnell, Smead, and Chamberland came across each other at the restaurant. The atmosphere was nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:892
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Tietz is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sommerville is a mechanic. Treat is a baker. At the theme park, Tietz, Treat, and Sommerville ran into each other. The birds are wild and hungry! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:893
Shaeffer is an author. Ramsdell is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Toler is a plumber. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Toler, Ramsdell, and Shaeffer connected. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:894
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Raval is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Guidroz is a bricklayer. Deppe is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the boardwalk arcade, Guidroz, Raval, and Deppe ran into each other. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:895
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Sutherlin is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kukla is a chef. Arends is a customer service representative. At the party, Sutherlin, Arends, and Kukla ran into each other. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:896
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Lichty is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Green is a real estate agent. Ballew is a newsreader. At the food co-op, Green, Ballew, and Lichty met. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:897
Litman is a chef. Conboy is a bricklayer. Likens is a manager. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Litman, Conboy, and Likens connected at the restaurant. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:898
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Wendler is a plumber. Critchfield is a doctor. Poore is a researcher. At the french class, Wendler, Critchfield, and Poore ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:899
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Goldstein is a lifeguard. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Luckey is a bricklayer. Brust is a real estate agent. At the restaurant, Brust, Luckey, and Goldstein connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:900
Benning is a tailor. Dilbeck is a bricklayer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Alday is a labourer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the rock climbing gym, Benning, Alday, and Dilbeck connected. The gym is a great place to exercise in the winter. Ze told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:901
Font is a lifeguard. Critchfield is a researcher. Knouse is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the partner dancing classes, Knouse, Critchfield, and Font met. Classes teach new things every week. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:902
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Chappelle is a researcher. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Hennigan is a translator. Kirkpatrick is a labourer. Chappelle, Kirkpatrick, and Hennigan connected at the new year party. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:903
Yeary is a labourer. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schwing is a lifeguard. Lust is a bookkeeper. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lust, Yeary, and Schwing came across each other at the specialty retail store. Markets are usually crowded. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:904
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ptak is a mechanic. Cioffi is a lifeguard. Goodridge is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the charity car wash, Ptak, Goodridge, and Cioffi connected. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:905
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Goodsell is a plumber. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dickerson is a newsreader. Manansala is a manager. At the new year party, Dickerson, Goodsell, and Manansala ran into each other. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:906
Hassell is a bricklayer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Mcmillan is an author. Nowakowski is a lecturer. At the food co-op, Hassell, Mcmillan, and Nowakowski met. The beer is excellent. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:907
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Byerly is a lecturer. Bench is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fowles is a customer service representative. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Bench, Fowles, and Byerly connected. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:908
Foor is a bricklayer. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Steadman is a florist. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Schofield is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schofield, Foor, and Steadman came across each other at the community garden. The picnic line is very short in this park. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:909
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Berryhill is a real estate agent. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Molinari is an author. Broadnax is a customer service representative. Berryhill, Molinari, and Broadnax came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. Community service is wonderful. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:910
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Cryer is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Seabrook is a florist. Christensen is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the happy hours, Christensen, Cryer, and Seabrook met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:911
Saxe is a lifeguard. Kraus is a painter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Petri is a doctor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the yoga studio, Kraus, Saxe, and Petri met. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:912
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Speth is a painter. Pegues is a mechanic. Pareja is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the community garden, Speth, Pareja, and Pegues met. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:913
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Alcorta is a researcher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Stamper is a newsreader. Newsom is a mechanic. Alcorta, Newsom, and Stamper connected at the social community gathering. The community has an open kitchen. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:914
Goodall is a customer service representative. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Czarnecki is a plumber. Kershaw is a tailor. At the food festival, Czarnecki, Kershaw, and Goodall ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:915
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kwok is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Pons is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hurwitz is a lifeguard. At the food and drink festival, Kwok, Pons, and Hurwitz met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:916
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cotto is a customer service representative. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Overbay is a translator. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Foor is a researcher. Foor, Overbay, and Cotto connected at the theme park. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:917
Etchison is a florist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Corella is a plumber. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Wilmot is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wilmot, Etchison, and Corella connected at the animal shelter. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:918
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kershaw is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Vanmeter is a plumber. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Crowe is a baker. At the design expo, Vanmeter, Crowe, and Kershaw connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:919
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Wichman is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bos is a doctor. Towner is an author. At the community garden, Wichman, Bos, and Towner connected. All the flowers in the park are so nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:920
Mendiola is a florist. Mallari is a translator. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Smidt is a lecturer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the fitness class, Mallari, Mendiola, and Smidt ran into each other. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:921
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mollica is a lecturer. Kuehne is a real estate agent. Lozada is a doctor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the power yoga class, Lozada, Mollica, and Kuehne ran into each other. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:922
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Board is a baker. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dille is a labourer. Stepney is a doctor. At the restaurant, Stepney, Dille, and Board met. The food here is very tasty. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:923
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Schlemmer is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Wichman is a doctor. Dellinger is a florist. At the cooking class, Wichman, Schlemmer, and Dellinger ran into each other. The class is fun! She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:924
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Tallent is a researcher. Chamorro is a florist. Boan is a bricklayer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the cafe, Chamorro, Tallent, and Boan met. The place is nice. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:925
Mendiola is a bookkeeper. Foley is an author. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Lint is a translator. At the gallery opening event, Lint, Foley, and Mendiola ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:926
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Garabedian is a painter. Clore is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Rubalcaba is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Rubalcaba, Garabedian, and Clore came across each other at the new year party. The party is also filled by the band. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:927
Pellot is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Vicencio is an author. Genao is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the wedding, Vicencio, Pellot, and Genao ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:928
Belmonte is a manager. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ansari is a lifeguard. Gilder is a tailor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the power yoga class, Ansari, Belmonte, and Gilder ran into each other. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:929
Belford is a plumber. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Trotta is a painter. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Villacorta is a real estate agent. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Trotta, Belford, and Villacorta came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:930
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Navarra is a florist. Back is a manager. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Reames is a lecturer. Reames, Navarra, and Back came across each other at the design expo. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:931
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Chivers is a florist. Sharpless is a newsreader. Mwangi is a bricklayer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Chivers, Mwangi, and Sharpless connected at the yoga studio. The class starts with a warm - up session. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:932
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Perlman is a chef. Petitt is a real estate agent. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Moroney is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Perlman, Moroney, and Petitt came across each other at the happy hours. The place was crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:933
Rivenbark is a tailor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Appleton is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sannicolas is a florist. At the networking event, Sannicolas, Appleton, and Rivenbark connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:934
Dimartino is a real estate agent. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Doty is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Wedel is a mechanic. Wedel, Doty, and Dimartino connected at the theme park. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:935
Guffey is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Chrzanowski is a chef. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Rothenberg is a lecturer. Chrzanowski, Rothenberg, and Guffey came across each other at the book club. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:936
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ridgeway is a customer service representative. Korb is a bricklayer. Milazzo is a painter. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the partner dancing classes, Milazzo, Ridgeway, and Korb met. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:937
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Turrentine is a labourer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Dalrymple is a real estate agent. Catron is a researcher. At the cooking class, Catron, Turrentine, and Dalrymple met. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:938
Gelman is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Adkins is a customer service representative. Aleman is a tailor. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Gelman, Adkins, and Aleman came across each other at the gallery opening event. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:939
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Deel is a tailor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Carvajal is a bookkeeper. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mincey is a researcher. At the food co-op, Deel, Carvajal, and Mincey connected. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:940
Durst is a florist. Defelice is a bricklayer. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Winebarger is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the book club, Durst, Winebarger, and Defelice ran into each other. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:941
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lambrecht is a mechanic. Goodridge is a baker. Rosser is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lambrecht, Goodridge, and Rosser came across each other at the theme park. The park has a lot of gardens. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:942
Wentworth is a doctor. Milliken is a real estate agent. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Robillard is a customer service representative. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Robillard, Milliken, and Wentworth ran into each other. The place is very beautiful. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:943
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Lively is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Velarde is a mechanic. Knouse is a real estate agent. At the boardwalk arcade, Velarde, Knouse, and Lively ran into each other. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:944
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Ternes is a manager. Buentello is a real estate agent. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Scheid is a bricklayer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the book club, Ternes, Buentello, and Scheid met. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:945
Havener is a researcher. Mccracken is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Kovac is a painter. Havener, Mccracken, and Kovac connected at the rock climbing gym. It is open to all ages. Ey reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:946
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Markovic is a lecturer. Fetterman is a tailor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Schaaf is a plumber. At the happy hours, Fetterman, Schaaf, and Markovic ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:947
Hobby is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Lipinski is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dinsmore is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the social community gathering, Lipinski, Hobby, and Dinsmore connected. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:948
Capobianco is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Blagg is a chef. Miner is a painter. At the local talk, Miner, Capobianco, and Blagg connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:949
Hobgood is a mechanic. Ruvalcaba is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Villines is a manager. Villines, Hobgood, and Ruvalcaba connected at the charity car wash. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:950
Deere is a researcher. Cleaver is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Belin is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the cooking class, Belin, Cleaver, and Deere connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:951
Cleaves is a chef. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Rarick is a manager. Pineiro is a bricklayer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the theme park, Pineiro, Rarick, and Cleaves ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:952
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ridings is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Wilburn is a bricklayer. Earles is a customer service representative. At the power yoga class, Ridings, Earles, and Wilburn connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:953
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Blakney is a baker. Fogel is a plumber. Spires is a painter. At the food festival, Spires, Fogel, and Blakney met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:954
Tippins is an author. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Auerbach is a baker. Hirth is a bricklayer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the animal shelter, Hirth, Auerbach, and Tippins ran into each other. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:955
Meagher is a real estate agent. Upham is a manager. Roesch is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Roesch, Upham, and Meagher came across each other at the bar crawl. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:956
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Therrien is a bricklayer. Falcone is a researcher. Somers is an author. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the boardwalk arcade, Therrien, Somers, and Falcone met. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:957
Seese is a newsreader. Ratcliffe is a plumber. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcadams is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ratcliffe, Mcadams, and Seese connected at the power yoga class. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:958
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mcphillips is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Kost is a translator. Ball is a manager. At the food and drink festival, Ball, Kost, and Mcphillips connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:959
Hummel is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Shaikh is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Bergh is a florist. Shaikh, Hummel, and Bergh connected at the theme park. The park has a lot of gardens. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:960
Spillers is a lifeguard. Garlock is a manager. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Guard is a chef. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Spillers, Guard, and Garlock came across each other at the happy hours. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:961
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Treat is a doctor. Mazzone is a customer service representative. Shultz is a researcher. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the food co-op, Treat, Shultz, and Mazzone met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. Ey reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:962
Bonds is a painter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Waltz is a researcher. Loken is a chef. Loken, Waltz, and Bonds came across each other at the cafe. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:963
Czerwinski is a customer service representative. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Haygood is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Korb is a bookkeeper. Czerwinski, Korb, and Haygood connected at the halloweeen party. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:964
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Deloera is a chef. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Glidewell is a bricklayer. Handy is a painter. Glidewell, Deloera, and Handy connected at the french class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:965
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Zellner is a florist. Huebner is a doctor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Gamblin is a tailor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Zellner, Huebner, and Gamblin connected at the design expo. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:966
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Savoie is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bak is a bricklayer. Belmonte is a researcher. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the specialty retail store, Savoie, Bak, and Belmonte ran into each other. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:967
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Roten is a bookkeeper. Mangino is a bricklayer. Hatter is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the boardwalk arcade, Roten, Mangino, and Hatter ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:968
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Masood is a manager. Peltier is a lifeguard. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Chee is a translator. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the specialty retail store, Chee, Peltier, and Masood ran into each other. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:969
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Richerson is a customer service representative. Cotto is a bookkeeper. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mcquade is a doctor. At the theme park, Cotto, Mcquade, and Richerson connected. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:970
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rada is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Goodwin is a labourer. Effinger is a newsreader. Effinger, Goodwin, and Rada came across each other at the cafe. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:971
Bai is a chef. Carnegie is a mechanic. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Heater is a doctor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the cafe, Bai, Heater, and Carnegie met. It is a cool place to hang out. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:972
Widener is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hannigan is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Cremeans is a lecturer. Cremeans, Hannigan, and Widener connected at the halloweeen party. The party is also filled by the band. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:973
Norcross is a manager. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Clubb is a doctor. Bradsher is a painter. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the gallery opening event, Clubb, Norcross, and Bradsher ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:974
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Schroth is an author. Potts is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Plemmons is a chef. At the fitness class, Potts, Plemmons, and Schroth connected. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:975
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Heintzelman is a doctor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bevers is a chef. Richerson is a lecturer. At the boardwalk arcade, Bevers, Heintzelman, and Richerson met. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:976
Cockrum is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Houseman is a bricklayer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Cerritos is a newsreader. Cerritos, Houseman, and Cockrum connected at the halloweeen party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:977
Gully is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Huneycutt is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Khatun is a bricklayer. At the design expo, Huneycutt, Gully, and Khatun connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:978
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Kitterman is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Nickelson is a researcher. Grays is a customer service representative. Grays, Nickelson, and Kitterman came across each other at the yoga studio. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:979
Meltzer is a mechanic. Heintzelman is an author. Rohm is a painter. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food co-op, Meltzer, Rohm, and Heintzelman ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:980
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Gaydos is a baker. Saling is a bricklayer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Milliner is a chef. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the gallery opening event, Saling, Milliner, and Gaydos ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:981
Pilon is a labourer. Brobst is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ostendorf is a doctor. At the yoga studio, Ostendorf, Pilon, and Brobst connected. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. Ze reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:982
Sylla is a bookkeeper. Swift is a mechanic. Earnhardt is a manager. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the happy hours, Sylla, Swift, and Earnhardt ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:983
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mccaughey is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dames is a researcher. Poppe is a customer service representative. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the wine tasting, Poppe, Mccaughey, and Dames ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:984
Halvorsen is a doctor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Sorto is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Waymire is a lecturer. Sorto, Waymire, and Halvorsen connected at the french class. Classes teach new things every week. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:985
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Lombardo is a plumber. Stuckey is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Sherrard is a researcher. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sherrard, Lombardo, and Stuckey connected at the power yoga class. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:986
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Greeson is a bricklayer. Borkowski is a mechanic. Diazdeleon is a lifeguard. At the french class, Greeson, Borkowski, and Diazdeleon met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:987
Leedy is a mechanic. Muncy is a bookkeeper. Bown is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the french class, Leedy, Bown, and Muncy connected. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:988
Blackledge is a chef. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Arp is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Gambill is a doctor. Blackledge, Gambill, and Arp connected at the wedding. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:989
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Carnevale is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hiett is a florist. Sylvestre is a translator. At the design expo, Carnevale, Hiett, and Sylvestre ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:990
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mcclinton is a manager. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gear is a lifeguard. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Heal is a tailor. Mcclinton, Heal, and Gear connected at the community garden. The dogs here are lovely. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:991
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Salamanca is a real estate agent. Givan is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Toews is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the community garden, Toews, Salamanca, and Givan connected. The water is very good and clean. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:992
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Aguila is a translator. Muncy is a mechanic. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Calabro is a painter. At the theme park, Aguila, Calabro, and Muncy met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:993
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Boyle is a researcher. Agrawal is a manager. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Dewberry is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Agrawal, Boyle, and Dewberry came across each other at the charity car wash. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:994
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Blackledge is a mechanic. Chappelle is a bookkeeper. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Weitz is a chef. At the cooking class, Weitz, Chappelle, and Blackledge connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:995
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. English is a lecturer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Feely is a newsreader. Min is a manager. At the boardwalk arcade, Feely, English, and Min connected. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:996
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Milliken is an author. Hornberger is a real estate agent. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Soucie is a manager. At the cafe, Milliken, Hornberger, and Soucie connected. The place was crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:997
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Effinger is a lecturer. Budd is a tailor. Mehaffey is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mehaffey, Budd, and Effinger came across each other at the book club. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:998
Heiman is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mercurio is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Beauvais is a chef. At the networking event, Heiman, Mercurio, and Beauvais ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:999
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Noack is a mechanic. Kovar is a tailor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mederos is a painter. Kovar, Noack, and Mederos came across each other at the bar crawl. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1000
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Culbertson is a labourer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Eells is a bricklayer. Moravec is a tailor. At the networking event, Eells, Moravec, and Culbertson met. This event is to help make the community a better place. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1001
Milstead is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Flach is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hulme is a manager. Milstead, Hulme, and Flach came across each other at the food co-op. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1002
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Musial is a bookkeeper. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Brownstein is a baker. Felts is a lifeguard. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the new year party, Felts, Brownstein, and Musial connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1003
Sousa is a manager. Portugal is a bricklayer. Dearmas is a painter. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the food festival, Portugal, Dearmas, and Sousa met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1004
Prill is a bookkeeper. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Centeno is a lifeguard. Kicklighter is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kicklighter, Prill, and Centeno came across each other at the charity car wash. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1005
Griffiths is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Archambault is a lifeguard. Armijo is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Archambault, Armijo, and Griffiths came across each other at the community garden. The park has a running track. Ey reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1006
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Stuber is a florist. Leavy is a lecturer. Rusin is a real estate agent. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the partner dancing classes, Stuber, Leavy, and Rusin connected. This class has amazing outcomes. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1007
Wallner is a newsreader. Eaddy is a painter. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Ness is a doctor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the yoga studio, Eaddy, Wallner, and Ness connected. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1008
Okane is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hewes is a plumber. Rooks is a bricklayer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the wine tasting, Rooks, Hewes, and Okane met. The coffee cake is quite good. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1009
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Durso is a manager. Houdek is a baker. Kershner is a bricklayer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Houdek, Kershner, and Durso came across each other at the local talk. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1010
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Blanch is a bookkeeper. Owings is a painter. Frahm is an author. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Owings, Blanch, and Frahm ran into each other. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1011
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Keltner is a customer service representative. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Runge is a baker. Forcier is a manager. At the commuter bus, Keltner, Runge, and Forcier connected. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1012
Tadesse is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sirois is a lifeguard. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Prioleau is a tailor. Tadesse, Prioleau, and Sirois came across each other at the commuter bus. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1013
Trudell is a translator. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Amezcua is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Ekstrom is a plumber. Amezcua, Ekstrom, and Trudell came across each other at the animal shelter. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1014
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lantigua is a labourer. Donner is a lifeguard. Tedrow is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Tedrow, Donner, and Lantigua came across each other at the design expo. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ze reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1015
Pedrick is a bricklayer. Rabe is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Rahe is a painter. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the food and drink festival, Rahe, Rabe, and Pedrick met. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1016
Philips is a mechanic. Barrientes is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Murrin is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Barrientes, Murrin, and Philips came across each other at the food festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1017
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Smitherman is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Kline is a customer service representative. Pankey is a chef. At the new year party, Pankey, Kline, and Smitherman met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. Ey told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1018
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Mallard is a lecturer. Connery is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mullan is a florist. At the wine tasting, Mallard, Connery, and Mullan connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1019
Western is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Rustad is a newsreader. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Barnwell is a bookkeeper. At the cooking class, Western, Rustad, and Barnwell ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1020
Hadnot is an author. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Knapp is a labourer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nieto is a lecturer. At the high intensity class, Nieto, Knapp, and Hadnot connected. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1021
Foshee is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Besse is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Claflin is a chef. At the book club, Claflin, Foshee, and Besse ran into each other. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1022
Caplinger is a chef. Mcdougal is a painter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pharris is a translator. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the partner dancing classes, Mcdougal, Caplinger, and Pharris connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1023
Mauldin is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hultgren is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sanderlin is a labourer. At the cooking class, Hultgren, Sanderlin, and Mauldin connected. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1024
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Trimm is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Aguayo is a lecturer. Vivas is a baker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Trimm, Aguayo, and Vivas came across each other at the grocery store. The market is open to all genders and ages. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1025
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Duffin is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Pauly is a newsreader. Headley is a painter. Headley, Duffin, and Pauly connected at the specialty retail store. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. Ey reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1026
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Rosinski is a manager. Timberlake is a labourer. Athey is a doctor. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rosinski, Timberlake, and Athey connected at the food co-op. The food here is very tasty. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1027
Garst is a translator. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Swingle is a chef. Bethune is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Swingle, Bethune, and Garst came across each other at the charity car wash. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1028
Vanepps is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Heineman is a baker. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Kroening is a real estate agent. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Vanepps, Heineman, and Kroening connected. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1029
Klepper is a doctor. Lamarre is a customer service representative. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Garnes is a lecturer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the theme park, Lamarre, Garnes, and Klepper ran into each other. The park is super crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1030
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Batiste is a baker. Latorre is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Reinecke is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the social community gathering, Latorre, Reinecke, and Batiste met. We have to work together through different platforms. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1031
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Pharris is a chef. Orr is a translator. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Retzlaff is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Orr, Retzlaff, and Pharris came across each other at the food co-op. The coffee cake is quite good. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1032
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Kimbell is a mechanic. Stott is an author. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Loupe is a lecturer. Loupe, Kimbell, and Stott came across each other at the wedding. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1033
Windley is a chef. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Armendariz is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Templeton is a real estate agent. Templeton, Windley, and Armendariz came across each other at the local talk. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1034
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brzezinski is a plumber. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Zaman is an author. Lafountain is a baker. At the wine tasting, Zaman, Brzezinski, and Lafountain ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1035
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Holmberg is a manager. Lavigne is a bookkeeper. Khatun is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the design expo, Khatun, Holmberg, and Lavigne ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1036
Buitron is a florist. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Seery is a labourer. Saiz is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the restaurant, Saiz, Buitron, and Seery met. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1037
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tinnin is a real estate agent. Mchone is a manager. Boulanger is a plumber. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mchone, Tinnin, and Boulanger connected at the boardwalk arcade. There are some good options for food too. They reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1038
Lafountain is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hankinson is a lifeguard. Wash is a newsreader. Hankinson, Lafountain, and Wash connected at the yoga studio. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1039
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Laflamme is a customer service representative. Rudnick is a plumber. Crowley is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Laflamme, Crowley, and Rudnick connected at the fitness class. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1040
Helsel is an author. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Losh is a painter. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Crandall is a translator. At the grocery store, Helsel, Losh, and Crandall met. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1041
Birt is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chiappetta is a manager. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Retzlaff is a plumber. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the happy hours, Birt, Chiappetta, and Retzlaff connected. The beer is excellent. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1042
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mayfield is a mechanic. Linehan is a bookkeeper. Cleaver is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the halloweeen party, Linehan, Cleaver, and Mayfield connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1043
Werling is a lecturer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Demeter is a florist. Hasson is a real estate agent. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the restaurant, Demeter, Hasson, and Werling met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1044
Custodio is a tailor. Boos is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Conyers is a lecturer. At the power yoga class, Conyers, Boos, and Custodio connected. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1045
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Filsaime is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Qualls is a tailor. Fritch is a chef. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the high intensity class, Fritch, Filsaime, and Qualls ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1046
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Beene is a baker. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Broberg is a real estate agent. Tomczak is a researcher. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Tomczak, Broberg, and Beene came across each other at the theme park. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1047
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Halvorson is a lecturer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Rosero is a baker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Renick is a tailor. At the charity car wash, Renick, Halvorson, and Rosero ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1048
Baratta is a tailor. Lagrone is a doctor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Treadaway is a bricklayer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the community garden, Lagrone, Baratta, and Treadaway connected. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1049
Simonton is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Kandel is a translator. Holguin is a researcher. Kandel, Simonton, and Holguin came across each other at the party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1050
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Bernat is a painter. Gain is a bricklayer. Mahler is a researcher. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Gain, Bernat, and Mahler came across each other at the rock climbing gym. The gym is located in the same building as the famous Old Glory training ground. Ze reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1051
Mikkelsen is a bookkeeper. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Haskins is a tailor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mccullough is a bricklayer. Haskins, Mccullough, and Mikkelsen connected at the fitness class. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1052
Stocking is a translator. Overman is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. List is a tailor. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the social community gathering, Stocking, List, and Overman met. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1053
Clawson is a doctor. Agan is a manager. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Ince is a florist. Ince, Agan, and Clawson came across each other at the animal shelter. To participate, the participants must have a working record. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1054
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Gurule is a baker. Crisci is a tailor. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Putz is a customer service representative. At the open gallery museum, Crisci, Putz, and Gurule met. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1055
Bowens is a lecturer. Vazquez is a customer service representative. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Guth is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Vazquez, Bowens, and Guth came across each other at the cafe. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1056
Ghosh is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Donner is a painter. Voorhees is a labourer. Ghosh, Donner, and Voorhees came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. It is fun to play here. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1057
Petro is a lecturer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hullinger is a baker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Longley is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hullinger, Petro, and Longley came across each other at the hotel. The coffee cake is quite good. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1058
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Cossey is a manager. Peltier is a labourer. Pahl is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the rock climbing gym, Pahl, Peltier, and Cossey met. The gym is open until 10:00 pm. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1059
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Silvas is a painter. Balogh is a bookkeeper. Converse is a labourer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the fitness class, Balogh, Converse, and Silvas connected. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1060
Hensler is a florist. Millwood is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Condon is a chef. Hensler, Condon, and Millwood came across each other at the food and drink festival. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1061
Stetler is a tailor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sons is a mechanic. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lust is a plumber. At the networking event, Stetler, Lust, and Sons ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ey reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1062
Rossman is a newsreader. Pallares is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Pasco is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the power yoga class, Rossman, Pasco, and Pallares met. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1063
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Blum is a labourer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Rountree is a real estate agent. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hunt is a manager. At the hotel, Rountree, Hunt, and Blum ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1064
Keeter is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Holtzman is a real estate agent. Devita is a labourer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the open gallery museum, Devita, Holtzman, and Keeter ran into each other. Museums are great places to learn about culture. They reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1065
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Shearer is a lecturer. Chitwood is a manager. Helmick is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the cafe, Chitwood, Shearer, and Helmick met. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1066
Shank is a real estate agent. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bowker is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Swindle is a tailor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Swindle, Shank, and Bowker met. It is important to work together. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1067
Holdsworth is a newsreader. Blackstock is a researcher. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Mallard is a bricklayer. At the food co-op, Holdsworth, Mallard, and Blackstock met. The other beverages served here are ok. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1068
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Braziel is a florist. Stines is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mccalister is a chef. At the theme park, Stines, Braziel, and Mccalister met. The birds are wild and hungry! Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1069
Mckinstry is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mwangi is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Sorto is a mechanic. At the social community gathering, Mckinstry, Sorto, and Mwangi ran into each other. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1070
Burkart is a tailor. Borntreger is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ours is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Burkart, Borntreger, and Ours connected at the food co-op. The beer is excellent. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1071
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mitchum is a manager. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Pajak is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Leininger is a customer service representative. At the grocery store, Leininger, Mitchum, and Pajak ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1072
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Minick is a bookkeeper. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Oquinn is a customer service representative. Ban is an author. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Minick, Ban, and Oquinn came across each other at the bar crawl. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1073
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Moraga is a newsreader. Tedeschi is a labourer. Schorr is a tailor. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the local talk, Moraga, Tedeschi, and Schorr connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1074
Fusco is a lecturer. Apodaca is a tailor. Hegedus is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Fusco, Apodaca, and Hegedus connected at the charity car wash. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1075
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hottinger is a doctor. Nissen is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Schrage is a newsreader. At the animal shelter, Schrage, Hottinger, and Nissen ran into each other. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1076
Curd is a tailor. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Meece is a translator. Mcglothlin is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the social community gathering, Meece, Curd, and Mcglothlin ran into each other. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1077
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Barnette is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dufour is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Worthy is a lifeguard. At the fitness class, Dufour, Barnette, and Worthy connected. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1078
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Boren is a lifeguard. Walch is a bookkeeper. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Catalano is a real estate agent. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Walch, Catalano, and Boren connected at the halloweeen party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1079
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Menard is a plumber. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Blubaugh is a bookkeeper. Amaral is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the restaurant, Blubaugh, Amaral, and Menard connected. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1080
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Capers is a lecturer. Peacock is a doctor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Martinezgarcia is a florist. At the french class, Capers, Peacock, and Martinezgarcia met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1081
Facio is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Harjo is a lecturer. Ashbrook is a baker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the new year party, Ashbrook, Harjo, and Facio connected. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1082
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Ledoux is a manager. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Mattoon is a researcher. Noll is a florist. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the rock climbing gym, Mattoon, Noll, and Ledoux connected. The gym is also a haven for fitness enthusiasts. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1083
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Milstead is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Liechty is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Boring is a lifeguard. At the power yoga class, Boring, Milstead, and Liechty connected. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1084
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Spinner is a real estate agent. Stahlman is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Musial is a translator. Spinner, Stahlman, and Musial connected at the wedding. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1085
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Kukla is a customer service representative. Earles is a painter. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Dewolf is a tailor. At the wine tasting, Earles, Dewolf, and Kukla connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. Ey told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1086
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Vandermolen is a mechanic. Griffeth is a manager. Shankle is a tailor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the bar crawl, Vandermolen, Griffeth, and Shankle ran into each other. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1087
Mazzeo is a manager. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hedgecock is a real estate agent. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Migliaccio is a customer service representative. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the rock climbing gym, Migliaccio, Hedgecock, and Mazzeo ran into each other. The gym is located in Yap in Taipei, China and is the world's biggest gymnasium of its kind. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1088
Cheek is a bricklayer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Tamura is a baker. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Chea is a doctor. Chea, Cheek, and Tamura came across each other at the new year party. The party is free entry for everyone. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1089
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Grange is a baker. Seavey is a bookkeeper. Buker is a mechanic. Seavey, Grange, and Buker came across each other at the networking event. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1090
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Tackett is a chef. Reames is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Roudebush is a bricklayer. At the local talk, Roudebush, Tackett, and Reames met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1091
Courtemanche is a translator. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Dever is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mize is a florist. At the fitness class, Mize, Courtemanche, and Dever connected. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1092
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Boer is a bricklayer. Portugal is a florist. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Helsel is a painter. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Portugal, Boer, and Helsel connected at the networking event. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1093
Gagnon is a researcher. Schueler is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Kline is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Gagnon, Kline, and Schueler came across each other at the food festival. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1094
Yamaguchi is a tailor. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Eastburn is a mechanic. Laplant is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the high intensity class, Eastburn, Yamaguchi, and Laplant met. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1095
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Nicholls is a doctor. Rappaport is a customer service representative. Buchman is a lifeguard. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Nicholls, Rappaport, and Buchman came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1096
Gabler is a mechanic. Crudup is a tailor. Howerton is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Howerton, Gabler, and Crudup came across each other at the cafe. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1097
Stott is a labourer. Engels is a customer service representative. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Tobon is a mechanic. At the cooking class, Engels, Tobon, and Stott connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1098
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Riehle is a chef. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Coon is a mechanic. Haire is a manager. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Haire, Coon, and Riehle connected at the restaurant. The drinks are served on time. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1099
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Maggio is a doctor. Courville is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sanderlin is a chef. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Courville, Sanderlin, and Maggio came across each other at the wedding. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1100
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Redinger is a bookkeeper. Barger is a plumber. Armentrout is a researcher. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Redinger, Armentrout, and Barger came across each other at the cafe. The coffee tastes good. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1101
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Baba is a baker. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Clore is a real estate agent. Goodrich is an author. At the high intensity class, Baba, Goodrich, and Clore ran into each other. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1102
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Moats is a tailor. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Pledger is a florist. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Nuttall is a plumber. At the food co-op, Pledger, Moats, and Nuttall connected. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1103
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Brogdon is a real estate agent. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bucher is an author. Mcguinness is a labourer. At the wine tasting, Mcguinness, Brogdon, and Bucher connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1104
Kuhl is a plumber. Easterly is a florist. Oyola is a mechanic. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the networking event, Oyola, Kuhl, and Easterly ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1105
Agan is a tailor. Bator is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Crompton is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Bator, Agan, and Crompton connected at the happy hours. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1106
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Averett is a manager. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kuhl is a customer service representative. Gallina is a newsreader. Kuhl, Gallina, and Averett connected at the halloweeen party. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1107
Cuthbert is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Turcotte is a real estate agent. Castelan is a florist. Cuthbert, Castelan, and Turcotte came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1108
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Felty is a mechanic. Groce is a baker. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lapoint is a doctor. At the restaurant, Felty, Lapoint, and Groce met. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1109
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Conger is a translator. Ohman is a chef. Harden is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the power yoga class, Harden, Conger, and Ohman connected. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1110
Luckey is a chef. Thapa is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lattimer is a mechanic. At the new year party, Lattimer, Luckey, and Thapa ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1111
Erhardt is a real estate agent. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schimmel is a labourer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Peterkin is a plumber. Peterkin, Schimmel, and Erhardt came across each other at the charity car wash. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1112
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Borchert is a lecturer. Waldrep is a translator. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Clough is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Clough, Borchert, and Waldrep came across each other at the local talk. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1113
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Freund is a mechanic. Burks is a lecturer. Loi is a painter. Loi, Burks, and Freund connected at the cafe. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1114
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Treadwell is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Womack is a florist. Grimsley is a lecturer. At the open gallery museum, Treadwell, Grimsley, and Womack ran into each other. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1115
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Netherton is a chef. Logsdon is a bookkeeper. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mcmullan is a manager. At the cooking class, Netherton, Mcmullan, and Logsdon met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1116
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hurlbert is a baker. Early is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Gold is a bricklayer. At the restaurant, Early, Hurlbert, and Gold ran into each other. The beer is excellent. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1117
Owensby is a newsreader. Rolen is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Spooner is a bricklayer. At the open gallery museum, Spooner, Rolen, and Owensby ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1118
Varona is a manager. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Grandy is a painter. Aucoin is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Aucoin, Varona, and Grandy came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. It is important to work together. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1119
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Foor is a newsreader. Gelman is a plumber. Roselli is a bricklayer. At the theme park, Foor, Roselli, and Gelman connected. The park has a park toilet as well! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1120
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Thiel is a researcher. Staley is a florist. Holyfield is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Thiel, Holyfield, and Staley came across each other at the grocery store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1121
Byun is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Leaver is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Algarin is a researcher. At the high intensity class, Byun, Leaver, and Algarin connected. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1122
Gatling is a customer service representative. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Dumont is a baker. Seibold is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gatling, Seibold, and Dumont came across each other at the cafe. The place is nice. They reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1123
Hagy is a bricklayer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Renderos is a chef. Vancil is a manager. At the fitness class, Hagy, Renderos, and Vancil met. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1124
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Grange is a lifeguard. Turpin is a translator. Dipaolo is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the commuter bus, Turpin, Dipaolo, and Grange ran into each other. Public transports are eco-friendly. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1125
Bourn is a translator. Rubalcaba is a researcher. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Grays is a manager. Bourn, Rubalcaba, and Grays came across each other at the design expo. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1126
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hosey is a customer service representative. Stefanik is a bookkeeper. Morejon is a chef. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the partner dancing classes, Stefanik, Hosey, and Morejon met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1127
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Ruhland is a researcher. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Soohoo is a real estate agent. Lapan is a manager. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the animal shelter, Soohoo, Lapan, and Ruhland met. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1128
Heiman is an author. Mier is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Smoot is a plumber. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the restaurant, Smoot, Mier, and Heiman connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1129
Aburto is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Freeland is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Grandy is a mechanic. Aburto, Freeland, and Grandy connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. The place is very beautiful. They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1130
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lashbrook is a mechanic. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Pedersen is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcnerney is an author. At the happy hours, Mcnerney, Lashbrook, and Pedersen ran into each other. The beer is excellent. They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1131
Corby is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Huff is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Menchaca is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Corby, Huff, and Menchaca ran into each other. There is plenty of food to eat here. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1132
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Proffitt is a baker. Gama is a researcher. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hoar is a mechanic. At the party, Hoar, Proffitt, and Gama connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1133
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mcgarvey is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Olmeda is a plumber. Rybicki is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rybicki, Mcgarvey, and Olmeda connected at the commuter bus. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1134
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Warman is a lifeguard. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Roselli is a manager. Rotondo is a customer service representative. At the commuter bus, Warman, Roselli, and Rotondo met. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1135
Boos is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rusher is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Vanzee is a newsreader. At the design expo, Boos, Rusher, and Vanzee ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1136
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Coney is a newsreader. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Ong is an author. Carnes is a florist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the animal shelter, Ong, Carnes, and Coney met. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1137
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Benninger is a manager. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Stehle is a bricklayer. Springer is a florist. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the halloweeen party, Stehle, Benninger, and Springer met. The party is also filled by the band. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1138
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Lapointe is a bricklayer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Grange is a researcher. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Merrifield is a painter. At the food co-op, Lapointe, Grange, and Merrifield connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1139
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rebolledo is a florist. Philbrook is an author. Hedgecock is a newsreader. Hedgecock, Rebolledo, and Philbrook came across each other at the food festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1140
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Trogdon is a lecturer. Theroux is a manager. Simcox is a mechanic. Trogdon, Theroux, and Simcox connected at the design expo. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1141
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Tarlton is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Turpin is a newsreader. Downes is a lecturer. Tarlton, Downes, and Turpin came across each other at the grocery store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1142
Housley is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dye is a translator. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Cioffi is a lecturer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the networking event, Dye, Housley, and Cioffi met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1143
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Jolicoeur is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Scrivner is a mechanic. Diller is a customer service representative. Diller, Scrivner, and Jolicoeur came across each other at the cafe. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1144
Stubbs is an author. Aguila is a real estate agent. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Arispe is a labourer. At the bar crawl, Stubbs, Aguila, and Arispe met. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1145
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Sherpa is a bricklayer. Vanetten is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Flippin is a lecturer. Flippin, Sherpa, and Vanetten came across each other at the design expo. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1146
Colyer is a researcher. Shaeffer is a manager. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Apostol is a newsreader. At the commuter bus, Apostol, Shaeffer, and Colyer connected. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1147
Yeomans is a bookkeeper. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Comerford is a real estate agent. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Barela is a painter. Yeomans, Comerford, and Barela connected at the party. The party is free entry for everyone. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1148
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Suiter is a bricklayer. Pruneda is a lecturer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Tacker is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Pruneda, Suiter, and Tacker connected at the halloweeen party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1149
Sandusky is a researcher. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Welsh is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sontag is a bricklayer. Welsh, Sontag, and Sandusky connected at the commuter bus. Public transports are easy to find. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1150
Lundberg is a newsreader. Effinger is a researcher. Culbert is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Culbert, Effinger, and Lundberg came across each other at the party. The party is free entry for everyone. They told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1151
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Grill is a translator. Fader is a researcher. Critchfield is a newsreader. At the food co-op, Critchfield, Grill, and Fader connected. It is a cool place to hang out. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1152
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Brissette is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Meurer is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Dilorenzo is a researcher. Meurer, Brissette, and Dilorenzo connected at the book club. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1153
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Shearer is a doctor. Rhinehart is a translator. Hey is a bricklayer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Hey, Rhinehart, and Shearer connected at the halloweeen party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1154
Connors is a lecturer. Clinard is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Fuerte is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the commuter bus, Fuerte, Clinard, and Connors met. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. They told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1155
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Hensler is a tailor. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Legere is a doctor. Blewett is a chef. At the food co-op, Hensler, Blewett, and Legere connected. The food here is very tasty. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1156
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Belote is a translator. Centeno is a newsreader. Segrest is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the cooking class, Belote, Centeno, and Segrest connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1157
Shortt is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Charest is a lecturer. Rushin is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the hotel, Charest, Rushin, and Shortt met. The other beverages served here are ok. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1158
Bey is a customer service representative. Morelos is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Haston is a lifeguard. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bey, Haston, and Morelos connected at the partner dancing classes. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1159
Atkinson is a florist. Kuhn is a labourer. Venditti is a translator. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Venditti, Atkinson, and Kuhn connected at the french class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1160
Bethune is a chef. Pardue is a customer service representative. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Twombly is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the cafe, Pardue, Twombly, and Bethune ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1161
Muldoon is an author. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Paone is a doctor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Lopes is a lifeguard. At the yoga studio, Paone, Muldoon, and Lopes connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1162
Salsman is a doctor. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Swartzentruber is a labourer. Modlin is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Swartzentruber, Modlin, and Salsman came across each other at the wine tasting. The place is nice. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1163
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mccrimmon is a tailor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Legaspi is a real estate agent. Nakashima is a lecturer. Legaspi, Nakashima, and Mccrimmon connected at the bar crawl. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1164
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gulick is a baker. Fairman is a bookkeeper. Yohe is a lifeguard. Gulick, Yohe, and Fairman came across each other at the networking event. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1165
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Loffredo is a tailor. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Netherton is an author. Devries is a chef. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Loffredo, Netherton, and Devries came across each other at the hotel. The coffee tea is great. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1166
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Cordeiro is a labourer. Theriault is a florist. Baxley is a bricklayer. Cordeiro, Theriault, and Baxley connected at the halloweeen party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1167
Atwood is a real estate agent. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Maberry is a lifeguard. Kamp is a manager. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the high intensity class, Atwood, Maberry, and Kamp connected. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1168
Capuano is a lecturer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Burks is a manager. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Oldenburg is a real estate agent. At the local talk, Burks, Oldenburg, and Capuano connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1169
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Vannorman is a lecturer. Mummert is a researcher. Santacruz is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the food co-op, Mummert, Vannorman, and Santacruz ran into each other. It is a cool place to hang out. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1170
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kennell is a tailor. Pasillas is a bookkeeper. Boer is a manager. At the design expo, Pasillas, Boer, and Kennell met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1171
Courville is an author. Boomer is a lecturer. Mitzel is a customer service representative. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the high intensity class, Mitzel, Boomer, and Courville met. This class has amazing outcomes. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1172
Kays is a baker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Haworth is a lifeguard. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Campana is a manager. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the specialty retail store, Haworth, Campana, and Kays ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1173
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Zaragoza is a newsreader. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Haskins is a manager. Harrold is a painter. At the social community gathering, Haskins, Zaragoza, and Harrold met. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1174
Galaz is a baker. Jaimes is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Baumgardner is a mechanic. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Baumgardner, Jaimes, and Galaz met. The place is very beautiful. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1175
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Schiltz is a bookkeeper. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Biondi is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Townson is a painter. At the rock climbing gym, Biondi, Schiltz, and Townson connected. It is open to all ages. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1176
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Twombly is an author. Stivers is a real estate agent. Hearn is a manager. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the social community gathering, Stivers, Hearn, and Twombly met. The place is very beautiful. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1177
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hagans is a researcher. Hanke is a lecturer. Morrow is a bookkeeper. Hanke, Hagans, and Morrow connected at the local talk. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1178
Housley is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Melgarejo is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Cookson is a real estate agent. At the open gallery museum, Housley, Cookson, and Melgarejo ran into each other. This museum and art is what we need more of. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1179
Hua is a translator. Littles is a tailor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mcdougald is a real estate agent. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the party, Littles, Hua, and Mcdougald ran into each other. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1180
Brunton is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Pickrell is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Mcsweeney is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the hotel, Mcsweeney, Brunton, and Pickrell ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1181
Tischler is a researcher. Bonk is a newsreader. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Baek is a doctor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the party, Baek, Bonk, and Tischler met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1182
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kerber is a painter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Dahlman is a plumber. Kowalski is a labourer. Dahlman, Kerber, and Kowalski connected at the grocery store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1183
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Silva is a mechanic. Dunkel is a lecturer. Stcyr is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the food and drink festival, Dunkel, Stcyr, and Silva met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1184
Shaffer is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Bergh is a doctor. Dimick is a florist. At the open gallery museum, Shaffer, Bergh, and Dimick ran into each other. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. They told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1185
Okelley is a customer service representative. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Harrigan is a newsreader. Cumberbatch is a lecturer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Harrigan, Okelley, and Cumberbatch connected at the power yoga class. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1186
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Goodwill is a tailor. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. List is a customer service representative. Gessner is a real estate agent. At the gallery opening event, Goodwill, Gessner, and List connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1187
Bewley is a tailor. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Gunnels is a customer service representative. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mcglothlin is a bookkeeper. At the food co-op, Bewley, Mcglothlin, and Gunnels ran into each other. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1188
Bang is a baker. Lillard is a customer service representative. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gabbert is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the yoga studio, Gabbert, Lillard, and Bang ran into each other. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1189
Cuello is a real estate agent. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Chea is a plumber. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mero is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Chea, Mero, and Cuello connected at the bar crawl. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1190
Chambless is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Houchens is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Holcomb is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the wine tasting, Houchens, Holcomb, and Chambless connected. The other beverages served here are ok. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1191
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Gines is a manager. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Winer is a painter. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wine is a baker. At the grocery store, Gines, Wine, and Winer connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1192
Tunney is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Revell is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Suttles is a florist. At the wedding, Revell, Tunney, and Suttles ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1193
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Eames is a lifeguard. Sergeant is a plumber. Lurie is a translator. At the social community gathering, Sergeant, Lurie, and Eames ran into each other. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1194
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Josephs is a chef. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Bernal is a doctor. Mangino is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the high intensity class, Josephs, Bernal, and Mangino met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1195
Voorhees is a plumber. Menon is a mechanic. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Montes is a doctor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the open gallery museum, Voorhees, Menon, and Montes connected. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1196
Weekly is a florist. Crocker is a doctor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Tharp is a tailor. Tharp, Crocker, and Weekly connected at the partner dancing classes. This class has amazing outcomes. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1197
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Held is a painter. Appleby is a translator. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Ferree is a real estate agent. Appleby, Ferree, and Held connected at the boardwalk arcade. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1198
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Sienkiewicz is a bricklayer. Golla is a lifeguard. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Revels is a doctor. At the wedding, Golla, Sienkiewicz, and Revels ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1199
Drummer is a customer service representative. Bedgood is an author. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Caplinger is a mechanic. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the partner dancing classes, Caplinger, Drummer, and Bedgood ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1200
Batres is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Magno is a manager. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Galang is a tailor. At the grocery store, Magno, Batres, and Galang ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1201
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mccullough is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bosquez is a newsreader. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Swanson is a bricklayer. At the yoga studio, Swanson, Mccullough, and Bosquez ran into each other. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. Ey told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1202
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Munden is a florist. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Whisenant is a manager. Hau is a doctor. At the grocery store, Hau, Munden, and Whisenant ran into each other. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1203
Bun is a baker. Mcmeans is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schenkel is a labourer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Schenkel, Bun, and Mcmeans came across each other at the restaurant. The drinks are served on time. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1204
Yeary is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Neu is a painter. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mancera is a bricklayer. Yeary, Mancera, and Neu came across each other at the french class. This class has amazing outcomes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1205
Luongo is a bookkeeper. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Coggins is a lifeguard. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dermody is a customer service representative. At the halloweeen party, Luongo, Coggins, and Dermody ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1206
Hawks is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Beason is an author. Selden is a real estate agent. Selden, Beason, and Hawks came across each other at the power yoga class. Yoga is best done in silence. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1207
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Swindle is a painter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Melgarejo is a chef. Tinney is a lecturer. Swindle, Melgarejo, and Tinney came across each other at the wedding. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1208
Sanger is a plumber. Turney is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mccomb is a manager. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the partner dancing classes, Turney, Sanger, and Mccomb connected. The class has interesting sessions. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1209
Arboleda is a painter. Winchell is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cataldo is a bookkeeper. At the social community gathering, Winchell, Arboleda, and Cataldo connected. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1210
Jent is a real estate agent. Caplinger is a florist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Karpinski is a plumber. At the halloweeen party, Karpinski, Caplinger, and Jent met. The party is free entry for everyone. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1211
Pugsley is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Burdette is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Beauchamp is a bricklayer. Burdette, Pugsley, and Beauchamp connected at the cooking class. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1212
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Reeder is a translator. Cuellar is an author. Soohoo is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the french class, Soohoo, Reeder, and Cuellar met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. They told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1213
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Westlund is a bookkeeper. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Acharya is an author. Poage is a tailor. At the fitness class, Westlund, Acharya, and Poage connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1214
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Cobian is a tailor. Voll is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Bissonnette is a bricklayer. Cobian, Voll, and Bissonnette came across each other at the wedding. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1215
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cardoza is a painter. Devita is a florist. Flanagan is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Flanagan, Devita, and Cardoza connected at the social community gathering. The service is what all the people have been working to do. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1216
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Courville is a florist. Updike is a researcher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Slifer is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Updike, Courville, and Slifer came across each other at the grocery store. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1217
Christensen is a lifeguard. Hasegawa is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kuester is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Christensen, Kuester, and Hasegawa connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. We have to work together through different platforms. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1218
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Saxena is a manager. Trammel is a chef. Steinhauer is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the bar crawl, Trammel, Saxena, and Steinhauer met. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1219
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Barajas is a bricklayer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Furnish is an author. Furst is a customer service representative. Furst, Barajas, and Furnish connected at the commuter bus. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1220
Almanza is a translator. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mcilwain is a baker. Fortson is a real estate agent. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the book club, Mcilwain, Fortson, and Almanza ran into each other. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1221
Eriksen is a baker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Zeng is a newsreader. Whang is a chef. At the partner dancing classes, Eriksen, Whang, and Zeng met. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1222
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bazile is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sleeper is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Holbert is a plumber. At the community garden, Bazile, Holbert, and Sleeper ran into each other. The park is very peaceful. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1223
Olsson is a tailor. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ngo is a translator. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Agan is a lecturer. Olsson, Agan, and Ngo came across each other at the design expo. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1224
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mosier is a bookkeeper. Lovett is a labourer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Erhardt is a customer service representative. At the french class, Erhardt, Mosier, and Lovett connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1225
Roll is a newsreader. Harpe is a bookkeeper. Steinhauer is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Steinhauer, Harpe, and Roll came across each other at the cooking class. This class has amazing outcomes. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1226
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Vicars is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Nations is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Burnette is a researcher. At the partner dancing classes, Burnette, Nations, and Vicars ran into each other. The class is fun! She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1227
Nilles is a tailor. Hofmeister is a plumber. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Basler is a translator. Basler, Nilles, and Hofmeister connected at the rock climbing gym. The gym is located in Yap in Taipei, China and is the world's biggest gymnasium of its kind. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1228
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Bessette is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Worthy is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Zeitler is a bricklayer. Worthy, Zeitler, and Bessette came across each other at the animal shelter. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1229
Kees is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Porta is a chef. Vasser is a lifeguard. At the power yoga class, Porta, Vasser, and Kees connected. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1230
Delatorre is a baker. Vanhook is a bricklayer. Hamrick is a chef. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vanhook, Hamrick, and Delatorre came across each other at the rock climbing gym. It's a small and fun place. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1231
Carreiro is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Killingsworth is a real estate agent. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Migliaccio is a labourer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the happy hours, Killingsworth, Migliaccio, and Carreiro connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1232
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Gove is a painter. Haskins is an author. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Jha is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the community garden, Jha, Haskins, and Gove connected. The park is good. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1233
Cost is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Watanabe is a doctor. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mcmenamin is a plumber. At the cafe, Cost, Watanabe, and Mcmenamin connected. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1234
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Stout is a doctor. Sandlin is a bookkeeper. Hallberg is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Stout, Sandlin, and Hallberg connected at the design expo. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1235
Skiles is a baker. Beauvais is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Holle is a real estate agent. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Skiles, Holle, and Beauvais came across each other at the party. The party is free entry for everyone. They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1236
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Larochelle is a newsreader. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mcdougald is a bookkeeper. Drews is a manager. Drews, Larochelle, and Mcdougald connected at the specialty retail store. Markets are full of surprises! She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1237
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Bachman is a florist. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lawver is a tailor. Graves is a baker. Graves, Bachman, and Lawver connected at the social community gathering. We have to work together through different platforms. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1238
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Borchardt is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Cuomo is a florist. Towler is a newsreader. At the restaurant, Cuomo, Towler, and Borchardt met. The other beverages served here are ok. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1239
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Milburn is a doctor. Angulo is a mechanic. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ou is a translator. At the restaurant, Milburn, Ou, and Angulo ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1240
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Calcagno is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Gigliotti is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Heckert is a manager. Heckert, Gigliotti, and Calcagno connected at the food co-op. The atmosphere was nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1241
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Fielder is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Spoon is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kaczor is a translator. At the networking event, Spoon, Kaczor, and Fielder met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1242
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Arney is a florist. Levering is a painter. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Oh is a manager. Oh, Levering, and Arney connected at the yoga studio. The class starts with a warm - up session. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1243
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Wallis is a baker. Diller is a doctor. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Almazan is a translator. At the food co-op, Wallis, Almazan, and Diller ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1244
Kreis is a bricklayer. Henao is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Springs is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Springs, Kreis, and Henao connected at the power yoga class. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1245
Armendariz is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Smitherman is a doctor. Toro is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Toro, Smitherman, and Armendariz connected at the french class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1246
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Eaddy is an author. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Wofford is a tailor. Taube is a lecturer. At the specialty retail store, Wofford, Taube, and Eaddy ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1247
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Montesinos is a labourer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Kwok is a real estate agent. Le is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Le, Kwok, and Montesinos came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1248
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Sliva is an author. Walpole is a customer service representative. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Keesee is a doctor. At the food festival, Sliva, Keesee, and Walpole met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1249
Magno is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bilodeau is a painter. Mummert is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the grocery store, Magno, Bilodeau, and Mummert connected. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1250
Harness is a painter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Minnich is a lecturer. Garbarino is a plumber. Garbarino, Harness, and Minnich came across each other at the book club. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1251
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Standridge is a customer service representative. Mata is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Turcotte is a florist. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the wedding, Standridge, Mata, and Turcotte connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1252
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Geary is a bookkeeper. Moldovan is a translator. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Almendarez is a chef. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the open gallery museum, Geary, Almendarez, and Moldovan ran into each other. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1253
Wooldridge is a customer service representative. Harriman is a translator. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bradsher is a painter. At the bar crawl, Bradsher, Wooldridge, and Harriman ran into each other. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. Ze reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1254
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Pursley is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hoose is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sipple is a doctor. At the party, Sipple, Pursley, and Hoose ran into each other. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1255
Persad is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Schenkel is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Schaible is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the happy hours, Schaible, Persad, and Schenkel connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1256
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Apostol is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Jolicoeur is a mechanic. Ardon is a newsreader. At the power yoga class, Ardon, Jolicoeur, and Apostol met. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1257
Balderrama is a baker. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ruano is a doctor. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Sung is a plumber. At the halloweeen party, Balderrama, Ruano, and Sung ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1258
Pullman is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Glancy is a florist. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Debusk is a customer service representative. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the commuter bus, Debusk, Pullman, and Glancy connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1259
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Tussey is a real estate agent. Ostendorf is a doctor. Arechiga is a translator. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the power yoga class, Tussey, Ostendorf, and Arechiga met. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1260
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Moodie is a bricklayer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mccleery is a plumber. Sardina is a painter. At the gallery opening event, Mccleery, Moodie, and Sardina ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1261
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hunnicutt is a plumber. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Kamm is a bricklayer. Record is a doctor. Hunnicutt, Record, and Kamm connected at the design expo. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1262
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Backes is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Appleton is a mechanic. Haring is a lifeguard. At the food festival, Backes, Haring, and Appleton ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1263
Derosa is a manager. Maday is a bookkeeper. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Kessel is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Derosa, Maday, and Kessel connected at the charity car wash. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1264
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Atha is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Byerly is a painter. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Scotto is a tailor. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Byerly, Scotto, and Atha met. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1265
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Alvizo is a plumber. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Danos is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Winebarger is a researcher. At the cooking class, Alvizo, Danos, and Winebarger met. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1266
Cusack is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Buker is a baker. Hage is a real estate agent. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the food and drink festival, Hage, Cusack, and Buker met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1267
Legendre is a tailor. Wrobel is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dowling is a mechanic. At the food co-op, Wrobel, Dowling, and Legendre met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1268
Hurst is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Poff is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Manges is a researcher. At the food and drink festival, Poff, Hurst, and Manges connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1269
Ostrowski is a painter. Smail is a plumber. Hodgins is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the cafe, Smail, Ostrowski, and Hodgins met. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1270
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lafollette is a painter. Crandall is a baker. Cumming is a bricklayer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Crandall, Lafollette, and Cumming came across each other at the animal shelter. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1271
Lisowski is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cota is a lecturer. Steger is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the networking event, Lisowski, Cota, and Steger met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1272
Vo is a tailor. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Getchell is a painter. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ettinger is a chef. At the open gallery museum, Ettinger, Getchell, and Vo connected. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1273
Otoole is a newsreader. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Camargo is a real estate agent. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Melgoza is a bricklayer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the partner dancing classes, Otoole, Melgoza, and Camargo ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1274
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Lor is a florist. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Onofre is a baker. Matlock is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the networking event, Matlock, Lor, and Onofre met. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1275
Chao is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Dougan is an author. Rounds is a lifeguard. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Dougan, Chao, and Rounds met. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1276
Templeton is a florist. Tavarez is a plumber. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hasley is a baker. At the commuter bus, Tavarez, Hasley, and Templeton ran into each other. Public transports are affordable. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1277
Giguere is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wetherell is a chef. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Severson is a customer service representative. At the french class, Severson, Giguere, and Wetherell met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1278
Gangi is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Tipton is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Menke is a chef. Tipton, Gangi, and Menke came across each other at the charity car wash. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1279
Fitz is a bricklayer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Consiglio is a labourer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Kurian is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the bar crawl, Fitz, Kurian, and Consiglio connected. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1280
Debose is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Cleaves is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Lannon is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the rock climbing gym, Lannon, Cleaves, and Debose met. The gym is located on the southeast side of the campus, which runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily at Lenny's Club. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1281
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sabo is a chef. Beckstead is a customer service representative. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mauldin is a mechanic. Sabo, Beckstead, and Mauldin connected at the open gallery museum. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1282
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bigelow is a real estate agent. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gleaton is a chef. Levering is a newsreader. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the halloweeen party, Gleaton, Levering, and Bigelow connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1283
Uriostegui is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Edlund is a chef. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Broadus is a baker. Edlund, Uriostegui, and Broadus came across each other at the cooking class. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1284
Pruneda is a real estate agent. Gammons is a labourer. Dorey is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gammons, Pruneda, and Dorey came across each other at the gallery opening event. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1285
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Oleary is a real estate agent. Liriano is an author. Criner is a bookkeeper. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Criner, Liriano, and Oleary came across each other at the bar crawl. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1286
Lovato is a researcher. Pederson is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Cimino is a painter. Cimino, Lovato, and Pederson came across each other at the new year party. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1287
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sundberg is a baker. Hollinger is a painter. Mullis is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the wine tasting, Sundberg, Hollinger, and Mullis met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1288
Inocencio is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ritchey is a newsreader. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Tham is a bricklayer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Tham, Ritchey, and Inocencio connected at the theme park. The park is super crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1289
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Durfee is a florist. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Satter is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Morvant is a real estate agent. At the wedding, Morvant, Durfee, and Satter met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1290
Forcier is a florist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Yim is a chef. Duque is a bookkeeper. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the grocery store, Forcier, Duque, and Yim ran into each other. The market is open to all genders and ages. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1291
Lafortune is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Piner is a lifeguard. Verma is a painter. At the yoga studio, Piner, Verma, and Lafortune ran into each other. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. Ey told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1292
Bugarin is a chef. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Godbolt is an author. Kirkman is a customer service representative. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Godbolt, Kirkman, and Bugarin connected at the party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1293
Desantiago is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kitchen is a tailor. Grigg is a chef. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the wine tasting, Grigg, Kitchen, and Desantiago ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1294
Mapp is a bookkeeper. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Horst is a florist. Sangster is a customer service representative. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the networking event, Mapp, Horst, and Sangster ran into each other. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1295
Selman is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mcadam is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lumsden is a newsreader. Selman, Lumsden, and Mcadam connected at the open gallery museum. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1296
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Alleyne is a lifeguard. Molino is a translator. Mccord is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Alleyne, Molino, and Mccord connected at the fitness class. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1297
Spinner is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Blizzard is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hetherington is an author. At the open gallery museum, Hetherington, Blizzard, and Spinner ran into each other. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1298
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hinojos is a bricklayer. Ramos is a labourer. Jinks is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Jinks, Hinojos, and Ramos connected at the partner dancing classes. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1299
Baggett is a manager. Dsouza is a painter. Modlin is a real estate agent. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Modlin, Dsouza, and Baggett connected at the partner dancing classes. This class has amazing outcomes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1300
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Otoole is a doctor. Trammell is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Westhoff is a mechanic. Otoole, Westhoff, and Trammell came across each other at the gallery opening event. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1301
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mccleery is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fey is a real estate agent. Goldman is a painter. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the bar crawl, Mccleery, Fey, and Goldman ran into each other. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1302
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Culver is a tailor. Littles is a florist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ashbrook is a plumber. Littles, Ashbrook, and Culver came across each other at the food co-op. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1303
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Montalto is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Kaur is a manager. Copenhaver is a labourer. At the cooking class, Montalto, Copenhaver, and Kaur met. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1304
Reigle is a painter. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Remick is a baker. Kucharski is a translator. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Reigle, Remick, and Kucharski came across each other at the food festival. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. Ze told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1305
Cantwell is a researcher. Hasty is a bookkeeper. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Villacorta is a translator. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the halloweeen party, Cantwell, Hasty, and Villacorta connected. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1306
Bye is a plumber. Seidman is a translator. Marquina is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bye, Marquina, and Seidman connected at the specialty retail store. The market is open to all genders and ages. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1307
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Stallworth is a painter. Sherrard is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Helman is a researcher. Sherrard, Helman, and Stallworth connected at the cooking class. Classes provide fun and challenge. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1308
Reichman is a bookkeeper. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Stambaugh is a mechanic. Hobgood is a researcher. At the hotel, Reichman, Hobgood, and Stambaugh connected. The place is nice. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1309
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Yamaguchi is a painter. Menon is a bookkeeper. Hyler is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the new year party, Hyler, Menon, and Yamaguchi met. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1310
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Traxler is a lecturer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Leyva is a painter. Ensor is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the happy hours, Traxler, Ensor, and Leyva connected. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1311
Weekly is a customer service representative. Fite is a plumber. Rabon is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Weekly, Fite, and Rabon came across each other at the design expo. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1312
Vowell is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Deaver is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gigliotti is a chef. At the food festival, Deaver, Vowell, and Gigliotti connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1313
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Winnett is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Saez is a florist. Fitzwater is a researcher. At the halloweeen party, Winnett, Fitzwater, and Saez met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1314
Bartsch is a lifeguard. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Cerritos is a painter. Downs is a doctor. At the happy hours, Cerritos, Downs, and Bartsch connected. The coffee tastes good. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1315
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Alcaraz is a plumber. Mandeville is a translator. Grandstaff is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the gallery opening event, Grandstaff, Alcaraz, and Mandeville ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1316
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Deere is a newsreader. Pruett is a baker. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Appleby is a painter. Appleby, Deere, and Pruett came across each other at the restaurant. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1317
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Leaf is an author. Segal is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Netherton is a lifeguard. Leaf, Netherton, and Segal came across each other at the food and drink festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1318
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Millikan is a lecturer. Baires is a painter. Holston is a researcher. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Millikan, Baires, and Holston came across each other at the french class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1319
Bey is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kuester is a chef. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Weisner is a real estate agent. Weisner, Kuester, and Bey connected at the design expo. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1320
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mccarty is a doctor. Boland is a tailor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Menchaca is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the animal shelter, Mccarty, Menchaca, and Boland ran into each other. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1321
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mancini is a mechanic. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Mohney is a newsreader. Ormond is an author. At the high intensity class, Ormond, Mancini, and Mohney connected. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1322
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Burchell is an author. Gasca is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Wiegand is a customer service representative. Wiegand, Gasca, and Burchell came across each other at the high intensity class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1323
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Boyer is a customer service representative. Amezcua is a plumber. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Piazza is a researcher. Piazza, Boyer, and Amezcua came across each other at the open gallery museum. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1324
Luebke is a painter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lozada is a mechanic. Silvas is a customer service representative. At the networking event, Silvas, Lozada, and Luebke met. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1325
Redfern is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Okafor is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Barbosa is a lecturer. Barbosa, Okafor, and Redfern connected at the food and drink festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1326
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Kinchen is a real estate agent. Houseman is a doctor. Villanueva is a customer service representative. Villanueva, Kinchen, and Houseman came across each other at the theme park. The park is beautiful. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1327
Biondi is a translator. Walpole is an author. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Lewellyn is a lifeguard. At the theme park, Biondi, Walpole, and Lewellyn connected. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1328
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Trump is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Alday is a newsreader. Whitesides is a mechanic. Whitesides, Alday, and Trump connected at the theme park. The picnic line is very short in this park. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1329
Dickerson is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Vezina is a doctor. Litteral is a plumber. At the cooking class, Litteral, Dickerson, and Vezina connected. The class is extremely motivating. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1330
Scheid is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Ledbetter is a researcher. Fryar is a newsreader. Scheid, Fryar, and Ledbetter connected at the networking event. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1331
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gilchrist is a researcher. Nellis is a bookkeeper. Mancera is a lifeguard. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the party, Nellis, Gilchrist, and Mancera connected. The party is going to be full. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1332
Turpin is a florist. Spooner is a plumber. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hove is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Spooner, Turpin, and Hove connected at the design expo. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1333
Miraglia is an author. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Bast is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hambright is a mechanic. Bast, Miraglia, and Hambright came across each other at the commuter bus. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. Ey told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1334
Tesfaye is a newsreader. Yin is a customer service representative. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Selders is a researcher. At the cafe, Tesfaye, Yin, and Selders ran into each other. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1335
Runkle is a chef. Cleaves is a customer service representative. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Castagna is a real estate agent. Runkle, Cleaves, and Castagna came across each other at the book club. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1336
Leaver is a mechanic. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Tandy is a manager. Barnhardt is a bookkeeper. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Tandy, Barnhardt, and Leaver came across each other at the gallery opening event. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1337
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Tellez is a chef. Silberman is a lecturer. Dumont is a researcher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Dumont, Tellez, and Silberman connected at the partner dancing classes. Classes provide fun and challenge. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1338
Thiel is a real estate agent. Dorris is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mynatt is a translator. At the happy hours, Thiel, Dorris, and Mynatt connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1339
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Spears is a painter. Fraley is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Kafka is a labourer. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Fraley, Kafka, and Spears ran into each other. The community is at a crossroads here. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1340
Harkness is a bookkeeper. Nardone is a labourer. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Rule is a painter. Rule, Nardone, and Harkness connected at the social community gathering. The service is what all the people have been working to do. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1341
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Hower is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Greenman is a translator. Villavicencio is a labourer. At the new year party, Greenman, Villavicencio, and Hower ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. They told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1342
Jury is a researcher. Cosgrove is a doctor. Dall is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the partner dancing classes, Jury, Dall, and Cosgrove ran into each other. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. Ey told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1343
Grimm is a doctor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Galdamez is a florist. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Kass is a researcher. Grimm, Kass, and Galdamez came across each other at the grocery store. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1344
Hawn is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hoopes is a translator. Broomfield is a bricklayer. Hoopes, Hawn, and Broomfield connected at the grocery store. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1345
Steinman is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Therrien is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Whittier is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the cafe, Whittier, Steinman, and Therrien met. The coffee tea is great. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1346
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Yeomans is a chef. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Guise is a tailor. Downer is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the open gallery museum, Yeomans, Downer, and Guise connected. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1347
Dehn is a baker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Swanberg is a plumber. Hurn is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Dehn, Swanberg, and Hurn connected at the party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1348
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Watkins is a tailor. Hedlund is a plumber. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Worcester is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Watkins, Worcester, and Hedlund came across each other at the grocery store. People from across the country are encouraged to join. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1349
Riendeau is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Eckhart is an author. Negrete is a manager. At the restaurant, Eckhart, Negrete, and Riendeau connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1350
Segovia is a chef. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Victorino is a newsreader. Rizk is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Segovia, Victorino, and Rizk came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1351
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Wang is a lifeguard. Bai is an author. Hallman is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Bai, Wang, and Hallman connected at the fitness class. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1352
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Blackshear is a painter. Klem is a plumber. Hottinger is a real estate agent. At the grocery store, Klem, Hottinger, and Blackshear met. The market is a big source of income for many people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1353
Bunn is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Carreiro is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ono is a plumber. At the food festival, Carreiro, Ono, and Bunn ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1354
Agan is a customer service representative. Tingler is a tailor. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hinze is a translator. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the specialty retail store, Hinze, Agan, and Tingler connected. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1355
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tryon is a chef. Behrendt is a lifeguard. Heil is a bookkeeper. Behrendt, Heil, and Tryon came across each other at the social community gathering. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1356
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Plumb is a baker. Fenstermaker is a manager. Flesher is a plumber. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Fenstermaker, Flesher, and Plumb connected at the halloweeen party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1357
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lippert is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Given is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gowdy is a researcher. Given, Lippert, and Gowdy came across each other at the theme park. The park is beautiful. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1358
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Caba is a florist. Grimes is a labourer. Jock is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the power yoga class, Jock, Caba, and Grimes ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1359
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Varga is a lifeguard. Casias is a bookkeeper. Marasco is an author. At the partner dancing classes, Marasco, Casias, and Varga connected. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1360
Mejia is a doctor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Stockstill is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Galle is a researcher. Mejia, Galle, and Stockstill connected at the networking event. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1361
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Donnelly is a baker. Barrientes is a labourer. Kaler is an author. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the cooking class, Kaler, Barrientes, and Donnelly ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1362
Strawn is a bricklayer. Beesley is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Moorehead is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Moorehead, Strawn, and Beesley connected at the charity car wash. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1363
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Nawrocki is a researcher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Handy is a florist. Pogue is a lifeguard. Handy, Nawrocki, and Pogue came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. Ey reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1364
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Thorp is a real estate agent. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hou is a plumber. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Sasser is a customer service representative. At the networking event, Sasser, Thorp, and Hou ran into each other. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1365
Haddox is a customer service representative. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Breedlove is a real estate agent. Bragg is a baker. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the community garden, Bragg, Breedlove, and Haddox connected. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1366
Kline is a mechanic. Wysong is a plumber. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rybicki is a tailor. At the commuter bus, Wysong, Kline, and Rybicki met. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1367
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Doolan is a painter. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Petrovic is a customer service representative. Ingersoll is a florist. Ingersoll, Petrovic, and Doolan came across each other at the wine tasting. The atmosphere was nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1368
Lundstrom is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Marasco is a customer service representative. Tedeschi is a bricklayer. At the charity car wash, Lundstrom, Marasco, and Tedeschi met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1369
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Sarro is an author. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Scheid is a doctor. Behling is a newsreader. Scheid, Sarro, and Behling connected at the networking event. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1370
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mccaskill is a doctor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. In is a manager. Skelly is a mechanic. At the power yoga class, Skelly, Mccaskill, and In ran into each other. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1371
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ahn is a newsreader. Vandermeer is a tailor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Colangelo is a chef. Colangelo, Vandermeer, and Ahn connected at the wine tasting. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1372
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Wallis is a florist. Keeling is a real estate agent. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Claunch is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the fitness class, Wallis, Keeling, and Claunch ran into each other. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1373
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Fronk is an author. Sherpa is a customer service representative. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Delahoussaye is a tailor. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fronk, Sherpa, and Delahoussaye connected at the boardwalk arcade. There are some good options for food too. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1374
Deras is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tincher is a plumber. Brissette is a florist. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the wedding, Tincher, Deras, and Brissette ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1375
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Pifer is a labourer. Matis is a bricklayer. Miedema is a painter. At the social community gathering, Pifer, Matis, and Miedema ran into each other. The community has an open kitchen. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1376
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Popa is a researcher. Seavey is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Givan is a newsreader. At the gallery opening event, Seavey, Popa, and Givan connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1377
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Spitler is an author. Kuehn is a labourer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Klima is a plumber. At the gallery opening event, Kuehn, Klima, and Spitler met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1378
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Pilkington is a researcher. Huguley is a translator. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Centeno is a florist. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the food festival, Pilkington, Huguley, and Centeno met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1379
Jemison is a doctor. Willey is a baker. Hedstrom is a mechanic. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Willey, Jemison, and Hedstrom connected at the local talk. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1380
Tobler is a lecturer. Willbanks is a plumber. Speers is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the community garden, Tobler, Willbanks, and Speers ran into each other. The park has a running track. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1381
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tunney is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Abramowitz is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Moles is a lifeguard. At the specialty retail store, Abramowitz, Moles, and Tunney ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1382
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Barajas is a labourer. Burrus is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Hastie is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Burrus, Barajas, and Hastie connected at the halloweeen party. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1383
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Bugarin is an author. Trimmer is a painter. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Grays is a bricklayer. At the partner dancing classes, Trimmer, Grays, and Bugarin connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1384
Humble is a labourer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Wireman is an author. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sherlock is a bookkeeper. At the cooking class, Wireman, Sherlock, and Humble met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1385
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Erazo is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gatling is a real estate agent. Collura is a researcher. At the cafe, Collura, Erazo, and Gatling connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1386
Pigg is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Manners is a researcher. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Rusch is a manager. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the new year party, Rusch, Manners, and Pigg connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1387
Reinecke is a florist. Gosselin is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hayward is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the grocery store, Reinecke, Hayward, and Gosselin connected. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1388
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Peete is a translator. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Crean is a bricklayer. Gendron is a lecturer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Crean, Gendron, and Peete connected at the french class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1389
Perrone is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcclendon is an author. Harrel is a plumber. At the book club, Perrone, Harrel, and Mcclendon ran into each other. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1390
Atteberry is an author. Brickley is a doctor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Recio is a lifeguard. At the halloweeen party, Recio, Brickley, and Atteberry connected. The party is free entry for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1391
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Karpinski is a researcher. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Tooley is a labourer. Shetty is a real estate agent. At the fitness class, Shetty, Karpinski, and Tooley connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1392
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Merwin is a tailor. Persad is a researcher. Fecteau is a plumber. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Fecteau, Merwin, and Persad connected at the high intensity class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1393
Espinosa is a real estate agent. Allman is a florist. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Weekley is a bricklayer. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Weekley, Espinosa, and Allman connected at the power yoga class. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1394
Rosenberry is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Pinto is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Abebe is a bookkeeper. Abebe, Rosenberry, and Pinto came across each other at the power yoga class. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1395
Vidrine is a tailor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hupp is a real estate agent. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Pupo is a lecturer. At the fitness class, Pupo, Vidrine, and Hupp connected. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1396
Goble is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sedano is a lecturer. Lashley is a labourer. At the specialty retail store, Sedano, Lashley, and Goble ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1397
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mccarter is a tailor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Ericksen is an author. Custer is a newsreader. At the fitness class, Ericksen, Mccarter, and Custer ran into each other. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1398
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Ruggiero is a bricklayer. Oliveras is a researcher. Litteral is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the power yoga class, Ruggiero, Litteral, and Oliveras ran into each other. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1399
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Bruton is a painter. Harada is a researcher. Fahy is a bookkeeper. Harada, Bruton, and Fahy came across each other at the gallery opening event. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1400
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Bowyer is a lifeguard. Fly is a florist. Henkle is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the hotel, Henkle, Fly, and Bowyer connected. The coffee tastes good. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1401
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lacasse is a translator. Vallecillo is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hendershot is a lifeguard. At the french class, Hendershot, Vallecillo, and Lacasse connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1402
Bruck is a manager. Cabrales is a tailor. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lisenby is a chef. At the grocery store, Lisenby, Bruck, and Cabrales ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1403
Motes is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Huneycutt is a doctor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Gasca is a tailor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Motes, Gasca, and Huneycutt came across each other at the food festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1404
Graves is a newsreader. Gabbert is a lecturer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Gaunt is a baker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Gabbert, Gaunt, and Graves ran into each other. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1405
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Boyer is a baker. Bessette is a plumber. Mccarty is a doctor. At the book club, Mccarty, Bessette, and Boyer connected. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1406
Mccollom is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Maez is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brenes is a customer service representative. At the theme park, Maez, Brenes, and Mccollom met. There are different varieties of plants here! They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1407
Ketterer is a bookkeeper. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Darrington is a bricklayer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Wroten is a researcher. At the bar crawl, Ketterer, Wroten, and Darrington ran into each other. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1408
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ader is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mondesir is a researcher. Guida is a lecturer. At the animal shelter, Mondesir, Guida, and Ader ran into each other. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1409
Bayliss is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Earwood is a newsreader. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Caruthers is a translator. Earwood, Caruthers, and Bayliss came across each other at the food and drink festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1410
Landa is a painter. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lemaire is an author. Kothari is a doctor. At the power yoga class, Landa, Lemaire, and Kothari met. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1411
Maeda is a researcher. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bartolotta is a newsreader. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Goertz is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bartolotta, Goertz, and Maeda came across each other at the yoga studio. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1412
Place is a mechanic. Dunnigan is a translator. Shearer is a labourer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the yoga studio, Place, Shearer, and Dunnigan met. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1413
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Manansala is a tailor. Longley is a bricklayer. Watterson is a chef. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Longley, Watterson, and Manansala connected at the open gallery museum. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1414
Montesino is a labourer. Fortuna is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Backes is a translator. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the wedding, Backes, Montesino, and Fortuna connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1415
Jacobs is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Fritsche is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Nass is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Fritsche, Nass, and Jacobs came across each other at the food festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1416
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wimbish is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Reising is a newsreader. Hey is a tailor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hey, Wimbish, and Reising came across each other at the charity car wash. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1417
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hance is a tailor. Ovalles is a customer service representative. Cuenca is a florist. Cuenca, Ovalles, and Hance came across each other at the power yoga class. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1418
Ohearn is a chef. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Almon is a bookkeeper. Gastelum is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ohearn, Almon, and Gastelum connected at the animal shelter. Volunteering brings peace and happiness. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1419
Lipinski is a researcher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Stapp is a tailor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Witter is a newsreader. At the food and drink festival, Lipinski, Stapp, and Witter ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1420
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Weary is a painter. Atteberry is a newsreader. Sikora is a lifeguard. Weary, Atteberry, and Sikora connected at the book club. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1421
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Soucie is a real estate agent. Wild is a labourer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hiett is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hiett, Wild, and Soucie connected at the specialty retail store. Markets are full of surprises! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1422
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Glover is a lecturer. Massaro is a manager. Stever is a florist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the new year party, Stever, Glover, and Massaro ran into each other. The party is also filled by the band. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1423
Olvera is a plumber. Bedgood is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Danos is a real estate agent. Bedgood, Olvera, and Danos came across each other at the food co-op. The place is nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1424
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Rehm is a customer service representative. Pelzer is a florist. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Nellis is a painter. At the social community gathering, Rehm, Pelzer, and Nellis connected. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1425
Raulerson is a doctor. Raby is a mechanic. Traynor is a researcher. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the gallery opening event, Raulerson, Raby, and Traynor ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1426
Barrios is a florist. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Enciso is a customer service representative. Scrivner is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Barrios, Enciso, and Scrivner connected at the new year party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1427
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Outland is a bricklayer. Crouse is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Bowens is a chef. At the happy hours, Bowens, Outland, and Crouse connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1428
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dunkle is a bookkeeper. Seibert is a plumber. Post is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the rock climbing gym, Dunkle, Seibert, and Post connected. After doing some exercise, it is recommended to go home, take a hot shower and give the body some rest. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1429
Zarazua is a bricklayer. Eoff is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Mero is a tailor. At the happy hours, Eoff, Mero, and Zarazua ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1430
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Revels is a labourer. Kiger is a baker. La is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the partner dancing classes, Kiger, La, and Revels connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1431
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Alleman is a baker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Spilman is a lifeguard. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Tuma is a bookkeeper. At the local talk, Alleman, Tuma, and Spilman met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1432
Hacker is a doctor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Sabol is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Plaza is a researcher. Sabol, Hacker, and Plaza came across each other at the networking event. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1433
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Victorino is a tailor. Zito is a translator. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Wilt is a newsreader. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the local talk, Victorino, Wilt, and Zito ran into each other. The event is still underway. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1434
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Kays is a plumber. Shriver is a manager. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Leaf is a doctor. At the book club, Kays, Leaf, and Shriver connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1435
Mcmeans is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mcnab is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gran is a doctor. At the new year party, Mcmeans, Mcnab, and Gran connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1436
Laube is a baker. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Pineiro is a bricklayer. Rothermel is a translator. Pineiro, Rothermel, and Laube came across each other at the social community gathering. We have to work together through different platforms. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1437
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Pallares is a lecturer. Ader is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bechtel is a bricklayer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bechtel, Pallares, and Ader came across each other at the book club. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1438
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Runge is a labourer. Bouffard is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Donelson is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the cooking class, Donelson, Runge, and Bouffard connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1439
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Weir is a researcher. Ramage is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Barth is a doctor. At the community garden, Ramage, Weir, and Barth connected. The dogs here are lovely. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1440
Westerberg is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Posada is a real estate agent. Emrich is a bricklayer. At the food festival, Westerberg, Emrich, and Posada connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1441
Halpern is a real estate agent. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Constable is a chef. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Espinosa is a researcher. At the party, Constable, Espinosa, and Halpern met. The party is also filled by the band. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1442
Kovach is a lecturer. Amerson is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Betancourt is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the party, Amerson, Betancourt, and Kovach met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1443
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Denney is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Levering is a labourer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mcglothin is a translator. At the rock climbing gym, Denney, Mcglothin, and Levering met. The gym is located in the same building as the famous Old Glory training ground. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1444
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hsieh is a customer service representative. Hickson is a baker. Beaman is a painter. Beaman, Hsieh, and Hickson connected at the hotel. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1445
Bechtel is a tailor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Cerezo is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Agrawal is a lifeguard. At the community garden, Cerezo, Agrawal, and Bechtel met. There are different varieties of plants here! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1446
Cozzi is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Giannini is a newsreader. Simonian is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Giannini, Cozzi, and Simonian came across each other at the new year party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1447
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Hanselman is a researcher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Roosa is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Doolan is a lecturer. Hanselman, Roosa, and Doolan came across each other at the french class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1448
Thibodeaux is a plumber. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Desalvo is a customer service representative. Overman is a lifeguard. Overman, Thibodeaux, and Desalvo connected at the commuter bus. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1449
Boles is a bookkeeper. Longnecker is a newsreader. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Gurule is a bricklayer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the grocery store, Gurule, Boles, and Longnecker ran into each other. The market is open to all genders and ages. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1450
Mayor is a bricklayer. Deloach is a painter. Bogardus is a manager. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the party, Mayor, Deloach, and Bogardus connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1451
Dill is a manager. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Simonton is a lifeguard. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Raynes is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Raynes, Simonton, and Dill connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1452
Stroble is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Louviere is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Villagomez is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the theme park, Stroble, Louviere, and Villagomez ran into each other. All the flowers in the park are so nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1453
Maske is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Pedrick is a manager. Stoltz is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Pedrick, Stoltz, and Maske came across each other at the grocery store. The market is open to all genders and ages. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1454
Borowski is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gurney is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Clasen is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the commuter bus, Clasen, Borowski, and Gurney connected. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1455
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tobler is a chef. Klump is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Shreves is a doctor. Tobler, Shreves, and Klump connected at the food festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1456
Chambless is a bricklayer. Agrawal is a real estate agent. Poulsen is a translator. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Agrawal, Chambless, and Poulsen came across each other at the social community gathering. The community is at a crossroads here. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1457
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Gartrell is a translator. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lagrone is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Burstein is a plumber. At the happy hours, Gartrell, Burstein, and Lagrone met. The atmosphere was nice. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1458
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Springer is a chef. Earwood is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Pesce is a tailor. At the design expo, Pesce, Springer, and Earwood connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1459
Wible is a painter. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Denker is a bookkeeper. Grange is a real estate agent. At the french class, Wible, Denker, and Grange met. The classes usually begin before work. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1460
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Docherty is an author. Elms is a researcher. Oshiro is a newsreader. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Oshiro, Docherty, and Elms connected at the high intensity class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1461
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. In is a bricklayer. Fleshman is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Degarmo is a real estate agent. At the book club, Degarmo, Fleshman, and In met. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1462
Hanks is a painter. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Wiegand is a florist. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Perea is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Perea, Hanks, and Wiegand met. The community has an open kitchen. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1463
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Shultz is a labourer. Donoho is a translator. Barto is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the specialty retail store, Donoho, Barto, and Shultz connected. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1464
Ruhland is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Worsley is a researcher. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Litman is a plumber. At the social community gathering, Ruhland, Worsley, and Litman met. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. Ze reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1465
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Reisner is a plumber. Babcock is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Blancas is a painter. Blancas, Reisner, and Babcock came across each other at the design expo. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1466
Hiebert is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hofstetter is a plumber. Cappiello is a baker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the book club, Hofstetter, Hiebert, and Cappiello met. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1467
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Donoghue is a mechanic. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Cleaver is a painter. Graczyk is a baker. At the boardwalk arcade, Cleaver, Graczyk, and Donoghue connected. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. They told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1468
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Nowakowski is an author. Simonson is a chef. Brendel is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the networking event, Simonson, Nowakowski, and Brendel connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1469
Howe is a newsreader. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Propst is a translator. Velez is a researcher. At the hotel, Velez, Howe, and Propst ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1470
Creamer is a real estate agent. Proffitt is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Downes is a lecturer. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Proffitt, Creamer, and Downes met. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1471
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Leong is a researcher. Muncy is a newsreader. Ballew is a bookkeeper. Leong, Ballew, and Muncy came across each other at the fitness class. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1472
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Wendler is a manager. Kriss is a chef. Swindle is a baker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wendler, Swindle, and Kriss came across each other at the local talk. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1473
Turley is a customer service representative. Stenberg is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Swett is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the yoga studio, Stenberg, Swett, and Turley ran into each other. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1474
Feehan is a doctor. Reinhold is a manager. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mahone is a bookkeeper. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Feehan, Reinhold, and Mahone came across each other at the yoga studio. Yoga is best done in silence. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1475
Waldner is a tailor. Colvard is a real estate agent. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Dumais is a bricklayer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Dumais, Colvard, and Waldner came across each other at the theme park. The dogs that play here are super cute. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1476
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Jarquin is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hertel is a bricklayer. Morelli is a mechanic. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the happy hours, Jarquin, Hertel, and Morelli connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1477
Kinman is a bookkeeper. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Giguere is a doctor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Brunton is a customer service representative. At the charity car wash, Brunton, Kinman, and Giguere met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1478
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Bourn is a baker. Halvorsen is a labourer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Springfield is a doctor. Springfield, Bourn, and Halvorsen connected at the food co-op. The place was crowded. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1479
Snoddy is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Robbins is a painter. Rogel is a tailor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the charity car wash, Snoddy, Robbins, and Rogel connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1480
Ruis is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Malkin is a manager. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hatchett is a real estate agent. At the animal shelter, Malkin, Ruis, and Hatchett ran into each other. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1481
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Earp is a mechanic. Lebeau is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Arnett is a real estate agent. At the halloweeen party, Arnett, Lebeau, and Earp ran into each other. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. Ey told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1482
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Knarr is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Broadnax is a bookkeeper. Fecteau is a newsreader. At the charity car wash, Fecteau, Broadnax, and Knarr connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1483
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fish is a customer service representative. Belair is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brizuela is a plumber. At the social community gathering, Brizuela, Belair, and Fish connected. We have to work together through different platforms. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1484
Scholes is a newsreader. Beekman is a customer service representative. Raye is a florist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Scholes, Raye, and Beekman connected at the yoga studio. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1485
Mazzeo is a chef. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Laskey is a baker. Ellerbee is a translator. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ellerbee, Mazzeo, and Laskey connected at the theme park. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1486
Miers is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kerner is a lifeguard. Craine is a translator. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Miers, Kerner, and Craine came across each other at the book club. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1487
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Cyphers is a researcher. Irigoyen is a tailor. Brownlow is a translator. At the theme park, Brownlow, Irigoyen, and Cyphers met. The park is super crowded. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1488
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Oda is a chef. Musso is an author. Faber is a researcher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Oda, Faber, and Musso connected at the local talk. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1489
Gosnell is a florist. Fear is a mechanic. Dragon is a labourer. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the social community gathering, Fear, Gosnell, and Dragon connected. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1490
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Membreno is an author. Turpin is a tailor. Lupton is a lecturer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Membreno, Turpin, and Lupton connected at the yoga studio. The class starts with a warm - up session. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1491
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Reames is a lifeguard. Muldoon is a researcher. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Botero is a customer service representative. At the boardwalk arcade, Muldoon, Reames, and Botero ran into each other. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. Ey told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1492
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Oconnell is a baker. Rabalais is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Puebla is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the wine tasting, Puebla, Rabalais, and Oconnell connected. The beer is excellent. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1493
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dye is a mechanic. La is a tailor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Holcomb is a chef. At the charity car wash, La, Dye, and Holcomb ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1494
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Kriss is a mechanic. Boles is a real estate agent. Serafini is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kriss, Boles, and Serafini connected at the halloweeen party. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1495
Goodrich is a real estate agent. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Sedgwick is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Burman is a florist. At the french class, Sedgwick, Burman, and Goodrich connected. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1496
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gleeson is a chef. Ortis is a real estate agent. Mcentire is a customer service representative. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gleeson, Ortis, and Mcentire connected at the hotel. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1497
Selzer is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lamy is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hegedus is a newsreader. At the animal shelter, Lamy, Hegedus, and Selzer connected. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1498
Adcox is a real estate agent. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Howell is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Timm is a manager. Adcox, Timm, and Howell came across each other at the food festival. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1499
Binford is an author. Thach is a painter. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Meisner is a translator. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Binford, Meisner, and Thach connected at the cafe. One of the few spots for everyone. Ey reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1500
Arjona is a lecturer. Cockrum is a tailor. Swink is a researcher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the partner dancing classes, Swink, Cockrum, and Arjona ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1501
Ryman is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Apodaca is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hedden is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the happy hours, Ryman, Apodaca, and Hedden ran into each other. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1502
Stehle is a researcher. Jonson is a painter. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hurd is a manager. At the restaurant, Jonson, Stehle, and Hurd met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1503
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Serratos is a customer service representative. Nipper is a manager. Brandow is a labourer. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Brandow, Nipper, and Serratos connected at the wine tasting. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1504
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Guin is a mechanic. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Pigott is a real estate agent. Saintlouis is a bookkeeper. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Saintlouis, Pigott, and Guin connected at the halloweeen party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1505
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Downie is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Farnum is a baker. Cheek is a bricklayer. At the cooking class, Farnum, Cheek, and Downie connected. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1506
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dysart is a real estate agent. Mcmaster is a florist. Oberholtzer is a lifeguard. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mcmaster, Dysart, and Oberholtzer connected at the commuter bus. People have different schedules. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1507
Eichhorn is a bricklayer. Dorantes is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Tovar is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the food and drink festival, Tovar, Eichhorn, and Dorantes ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1508
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cardiel is a painter. Bruder is a plumber. Sommerfeld is an author. At the gallery opening event, Cardiel, Sommerfeld, and Bruder met. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1509
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Krahn is a lecturer. Stabler is a chef. Cavazos is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Cavazos, Stabler, and Krahn connected at the grocery store. Markets are full of surprises! She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1510
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Haner is a lifeguard. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hage is a customer service representative. Pressler is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Haner, Hage, and Pressler connected at the specialty retail store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1511
Choice is a lecturer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Wiens is a newsreader. Meissner is a manager. Meissner, Choice, and Wiens connected at the french class. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1512
Venters is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Wimberley is a newsreader. Pomerantz is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the hotel, Pomerantz, Wimberley, and Venters met. It is a cool place to hang out. They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1513
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Velez is a labourer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Cater is an author. Bejarano is a customer service representative. At the design expo, Cater, Bejarano, and Velez ran into each other. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1514
Mendes is a bricklayer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Labarre is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Deel is a plumber. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Deel, Mendes, and Labarre came across each other at the rock climbing gym. After doing some exercise, it is recommended to go home, take a hot shower and give the body some rest. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1515
Luker is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Lashbrook is a bookkeeper. Gartrell is a newsreader. At the power yoga class, Lashbrook, Gartrell, and Luker met. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1516
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Adkins is a mechanic. Arvizu is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Fitchett is a doctor. At the wedding, Arvizu, Fitchett, and Adkins connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1517
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Gadberry is a mechanic. Stilwell is a real estate agent. Cartwright is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gadberry, Stilwell, and Cartwright came across each other at the hotel. It is a cool place to hang out. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1518
Feeley is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Ferrante is a bookkeeper. Burks is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the hotel, Burks, Feeley, and Ferrante connected. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1519
Lamson is a painter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bullington is a mechanic. Stenson is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the social community gathering, Stenson, Bullington, and Lamson met. Community service is wonderful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1520
Nickelson is a florist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Kiesling is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Volker is a mechanic. At the hotel, Kiesling, Nickelson, and Volker connected. The food here is very tasty. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1521
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Swarts is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Woodland is a tailor. Zellner is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the halloweeen party, Swarts, Zellner, and Woodland met. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1522
Yoshida is a labourer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Sautter is a translator. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Broberg is a manager. At the local talk, Broberg, Yoshida, and Sautter met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1523
Wanner is a baker. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Burdette is a manager. Tun is a lifeguard. At the local talk, Burdette, Tun, and Wanner ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1524
Burkes is a painter. Spadaro is a real estate agent. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Braggs is a customer service representative. At the open gallery museum, Braggs, Spadaro, and Burkes connected. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1525
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Petit is a real estate agent. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pinson is a lifeguard. Bollinger is a chef. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the partner dancing classes, Petit, Pinson, and Bollinger connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1526
Macko is a painter. Gudino is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Peres is a mechanic. At the theme park, Gudino, Macko, and Peres ran into each other. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1527
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hoglund is a chef. Wickersham is a customer service representative. Strope is a lifeguard. Wickersham, Hoglund, and Strope connected at the book club. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1528
Lowy is a bookkeeper. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Schneck is a bricklayer. Holiman is a real estate agent. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the charity car wash, Lowy, Holiman, and Schneck connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1529
Hurd is a mechanic. Bellows is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Pigeon is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bellows, Hurd, and Pigeon connected at the restaurant. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1530
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gran is a manager. Noggle is a translator. Vivas is a real estate agent. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Noggle, Gran, and Vivas came across each other at the hotel. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1531
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Surles is a bricklayer. Younker is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Metivier is a lecturer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Metivier, Younker, and Surles connected at the animal shelter. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. Ey reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1532
Hocker is a chef. Feeley is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mosteller is a tailor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mosteller, Hocker, and Feeley connected at the gallery opening event. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1533
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Almeda is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Warf is a researcher. Zellner is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the french class, Warf, Zellner, and Almeda met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1534
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Franzen is a newsreader. Oberlander is a doctor. Kass is a labourer. Oberlander, Franzen, and Kass connected at the french class. Classes are well organized. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1535
Vanmeter is a labourer. Mummert is a lifeguard. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Duffin is an author. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mummert, Vanmeter, and Duffin came across each other at the animal shelter. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1536
Bohanon is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Borum is a plumber. Jester is a florist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Bohanon, Borum, and Jester connected at the cooking class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1537
Fahy is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Mitzel is a translator. Coles is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Fahy, Mitzel, and Coles connected at the happy hours. The drinks are served on time. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1538
Hance is a customer service representative. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wallingford is a plumber. Wisner is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the design expo, Wallingford, Hance, and Wisner ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1539
Cothren is a doctor. Curto is a real estate agent. Gleeson is an author. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the partner dancing classes, Curto, Cothren, and Gleeson ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1540
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Espiritu is a painter. Chien is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hasegawa is a bricklayer. At the community garden, Espiritu, Chien, and Hasegawa connected. The park is super crowded. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1541
Shackelford is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Niehaus is a bricklayer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mcclinton is a manager. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Shackelford, Mcclinton, and Niehaus connected at the party. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1542
Kucharski is an author. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Wines is a bookkeeper. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Bunge is a painter. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the networking event, Wines, Bunge, and Kucharski connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1543
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Kime is a translator. Veatch is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Ribeiro is a newsreader. At the community garden, Ribeiro, Kime, and Veatch ran into each other. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1544
Hearn is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Maines is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Rouleau is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the french class, Rouleau, Maines, and Hearn connected. The class is extremely motivating. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1545
Nations is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sanborn is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hoel is a chef. At the open gallery museum, Sanborn, Nations, and Hoel connected. This museum and art is what we need more of. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1546
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bodnar is a real estate agent. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Riggle is a customer service representative. Wathen is a lifeguard. At the gallery opening event, Riggle, Wathen, and Bodnar ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1547
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Lohse is a bookkeeper. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Zellner is a doctor. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ting is a plumber. At the wedding, Ting, Zellner, and Lohse connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1548
Grube is a newsreader. Brost is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Simonetti is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Brost, Grube, and Simonetti ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1549
Olivares is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mccaskill is a mechanic. Cioffi is a manager. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the design expo, Mccaskill, Olivares, and Cioffi met. A lot of people participate in these events! They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1550
Milam is a chef. Grogan is a researcher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Justiniano is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the food and drink festival, Grogan, Milam, and Justiniano ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1551
Lujano is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pellot is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Laboy is a lecturer. Pellot, Laboy, and Lujano came across each other at the theme park. The park is very peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1552
Speers is a lifeguard. Putman is a bookkeeper. Bullington is a mechanic. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the wine tasting, Speers, Putman, and Bullington ran into each other. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1553
Hearn is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Hang is a manager. Overcash is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hang, Overcash, and Hearn came across each other at the power yoga class. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1554
Click is a doctor. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Boggess is a labourer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Biles is a translator. At the food and drink festival, Click, Biles, and Boggess ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1555
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Okane is a labourer. Dumont is an author. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Knapp is a painter. Knapp, Okane, and Dumont came across each other at the grocery store. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1556
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Akers is a manager. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Carvajal is a mechanic. Ruffner is an author. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the networking event, Carvajal, Ruffner, and Akers met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1557
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Hambright is a manager. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Maser is a translator. Merz is an author. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Maser, Hambright, and Merz connected at the food festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1558
Holston is a real estate agent. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Houchins is a doctor. Vass is a lifeguard. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Houchins, Vass, and Holston came across each other at the restaurant. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1559
Perkins is a labourer. Lesser is a plumber. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wasson is a florist. Perkins, Lesser, and Wasson connected at the community garden. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1560
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Villines is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Monreal is a plumber. Brothers is a translator. At the networking event, Brothers, Monreal, and Villines ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1561
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Begum is a plumber. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Tavarez is a translator. Stith is a painter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tavarez, Begum, and Stith came across each other at the bar crawl. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1562
Slay is a bricklayer. Howe is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Novello is a chef. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food festival, Slay, Novello, and Howe met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1563
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bilger is a painter. Loiselle is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mahone is a tailor. Loiselle, Mahone, and Bilger connected at the fitness class. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1564
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Upton is a researcher. Considine is a labourer. Fullmer is a chef. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the power yoga class, Upton, Considine, and Fullmer met. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1565
Gleaton is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Ghosh is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Shu is a baker. At the social community gathering, Shu, Ghosh, and Gleaton ran into each other. The place is very beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1566
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ridings is a chef. Bullington is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Cardozo is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Bullington, Cardozo, and Ridings connected at the book club. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1567
Kaczor is a baker. Cusumano is a bookkeeper. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Valle is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the new year party, Cusumano, Valle, and Kaczor connected. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1568
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fulmer is a chef. Mapp is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pruneda is a plumber. At the yoga studio, Mapp, Fulmer, and Pruneda met. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1569
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Scalise is a baker. Bernat is a painter. Sandford is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the theme park, Bernat, Sandford, and Scalise connected. The birds are wild and hungry! He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1570
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Steinman is a tailor. Wulf is a newsreader. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Grullon is a real estate agent. Steinman, Grullon, and Wulf came across each other at the community garden. We have some nice white rabbits here too. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1571
Balcom is a baker. Cuddy is a bookkeeper. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cordeiro is a painter. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Balcom, Cuddy, and Cordeiro connected at the networking event. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1572
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Henke is a newsreader. Spink is a lecturer. Salamanca is a lifeguard. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Spink, Salamanca, and Henke met. The community is at a crossroads here. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1573
Gauger is a painter. Rubio is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Navarrete is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Navarrete, Gauger, and Rubio connected at the gallery opening event. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1574
Marchand is a lecturer. Lamere is a painter. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Babin is a doctor. At the bar crawl, Marchand, Babin, and Lamere met. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1575
Peete is a baker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bova is a researcher. Carrizales is a labourer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Carrizales, Peete, and Bova came across each other at the food festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1576
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Wardlow is a chef. Balcom is a painter. Goodner is a tailor. Wardlow, Goodner, and Balcom connected at the local talk. A large number of people attend these events. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1577
Diggs is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Rounds is a lecturer. Filsaime is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rounds, Filsaime, and Diggs came across each other at the design expo. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1578
Ruzicka is a translator. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Holthaus is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Packard is a mechanic. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the theme park, Packard, Holthaus, and Ruzicka met. The park is super crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1579
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Papp is a baker. Ovalles is a lecturer. Brouwer is a bricklayer. At the wine tasting, Ovalles, Brouwer, and Papp met. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1580
Locker is an author. Zumwalt is a manager. Rodman is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the open gallery museum, Rodman, Locker, and Zumwalt met. Museums are definitely not boring! Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1581
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Pederson is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Gibbon is a translator. Heier is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the commuter bus, Heier, Gibbon, and Pederson met. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1582
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fenley is a customer service representative. Ovalles is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mu is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ovalles, Fenley, and Mu came across each other at the animal shelter. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1583
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Revels is a bookkeeper. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Gannaway is a researcher. Devita is a newsreader. At the commuter bus, Gannaway, Revels, and Devita connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1584
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Comerford is a baker. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Wiens is a painter. Lumsden is a customer service representative. At the design expo, Comerford, Lumsden, and Wiens met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1585
Pelham is a customer service representative. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gebhart is a baker. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Nims is a mechanic. At the community garden, Gebhart, Pelham, and Nims connected. The park has a running track. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1586
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bucher is a lecturer. Choe is a doctor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Selzer is a newsreader. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Selzer, Bucher, and Choe came across each other at the community garden. The park is super crowded. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1587
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Delva is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Demoss is a plumber. Vanetten is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the commuter bus, Delva, Vanetten, and Demoss connected. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1588
Gossard is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Acharya is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mancini is a newsreader. At the cafe, Acharya, Mancini, and Gossard connected. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1589
Trivedi is a customer service representative. Vasko is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Gossman is a doctor. Trivedi, Vasko, and Gossman connected at the design expo. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. Ey reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1590
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Boland is a manager. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Biondi is a baker. Dupre is a plumber. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Biondi, Boland, and Dupre came across each other at the charity car wash. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1591
Garbarino is a lecturer. Erhardt is a real estate agent. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Odriscoll is a chef. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the hotel, Erhardt, Garbarino, and Odriscoll ran into each other. The place was crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1592
Melgoza is a mechanic. Capuano is a manager. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Niemi is a florist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the food co-op, Niemi, Capuano, and Melgoza met. The beer is excellent. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1593
Saltsman is a bricklayer. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Doshi is a translator. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Gatton is a customer service representative. Gatton, Saltsman, and Doshi connected at the cafe. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1594
Lawless is a mechanic. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Treadaway is a translator. Ellefson is a bookkeeper. At the design expo, Ellefson, Lawless, and Treadaway connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1595
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Forster is a mechanic. Sze is a plumber. Worsley is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the open gallery museum, Worsley, Forster, and Sze met. The museum has no such thing as free entry. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1596
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Desir is a tailor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Guzik is a painter. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Barcus is a researcher. Barcus, Desir, and Guzik came across each other at the party. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1597
Horvat is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Higareda is a lecturer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Scheer is a researcher. Horvat, Higareda, and Scheer connected at the happy hours. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1598
Lao is a researcher. Dance is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Kegley is a tailor. At the open gallery museum, Dance, Lao, and Kegley connected. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1599
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Galloway is a baker. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Leffel is a doctor. Tackett is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Leffel, Galloway, and Tackett met. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1600
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lashbrook is a bookkeeper. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sandoval is a tailor. Wiltshire is a chef. Wiltshire, Sandoval, and Lashbrook came across each other at the fitness class. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1601
Levine is a bookkeeper. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Harriman is a customer service representative. Taff is a florist. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the food festival, Levine, Taff, and Harriman ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1602
Muldoon is an author. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bruton is a chef. Deramus is a researcher. Muldoon, Bruton, and Deramus came across each other at the rock climbing gym. It's a perfect place to get a new look. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1603
Drapeau is a bricklayer. Felty is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Saiz is a labourer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Drapeau, Felty, and Saiz came across each other at the charity car wash. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1604
Tinnin is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Sylva is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Mcmillan is a real estate agent. At the animal shelter, Tinnin, Mcmillan, and Sylva connected. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1605
Seaborn is a painter. Tickle is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Rosner is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the charity car wash, Rosner, Seaborn, and Tickle ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1606
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Riedel is a painter. Miedema is a lifeguard. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Fowlkes is a newsreader. Fowlkes, Riedel, and Miedema connected at the theme park. The dogs that play here are super cute. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1607
Shetler is a researcher. Shedd is a real estate agent. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Schuessler is a tailor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Shetler, Shedd, and Schuessler connected at the partner dancing classes. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1608
Mcdougald is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Mize is a tailor. Bejarano is a researcher. At the new year party, Mize, Bejarano, and Mcdougald connected. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1609
Daubert is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Stockman is a doctor. Timm is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Stockman, Timm, and Daubert connected at the french class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1610
Land is a doctor. Liebman is a tailor. Mero is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Land, Liebman, and Mero came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1611
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bates is a real estate agent. Deckard is a lifeguard. Toms is a painter. Deckard, Bates, and Toms came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. We have to work together through different platforms. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1612
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Brumley is a newsreader. Pascoe is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Fegley is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the food co-op, Pascoe, Fegley, and Brumley ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1613
Hoel is a doctor. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Huizenga is a lecturer. Lapan is an author. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the restaurant, Hoel, Huizenga, and Lapan connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1614
Axelrod is a baker. Gabbert is a chef. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Sennett is a manager. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gabbert, Axelrod, and Sennett connected at the wine tasting. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1615
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Souther is a painter. Mell is a plumber. Garg is a manager. Mell, Souther, and Garg connected at the partner dancing classes. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1616
Tso is a bookkeeper. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Joyner is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Bussiere is a lecturer. Tso, Bussiere, and Joyner came across each other at the cooking class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1617
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Crudup is a newsreader. Meacham is a florist. Lachman is a customer service representative. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the boardwalk arcade, Lachman, Meacham, and Crudup met. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1618
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Fain is a customer service representative. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Thoms is a manager. Vanmeter is an author. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the hotel, Fain, Thoms, and Vanmeter connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1619
Radtke is a florist. Ota is a doctor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Golub is a labourer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the hotel, Ota, Golub, and Radtke ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1620
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Nevels is a manager. Klima is a researcher. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Chastain is a translator. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the bar crawl, Chastain, Klima, and Nevels met. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. Ze reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1621
Sirmans is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Brothers is a labourer. Sirois is a translator. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the wine tasting, Brothers, Sirmans, and Sirois ran into each other. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1622
Galvez is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Manges is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Meagher is a researcher. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Galvez, Manges, and Meagher met. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1623
Lerch is a bookkeeper. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Quesada is a doctor. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Shedd is a plumber. At the social community gathering, Shedd, Lerch, and Quesada ran into each other. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1624
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hintz is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Dvorak is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Brobst is a lecturer. Dvorak, Hintz, and Brobst came across each other at the book club. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1625
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Headen is a bookkeeper. Swift is a plumber. Gurney is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the partner dancing classes, Headen, Gurney, and Swift connected. The class has interesting sessions. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1626
Napoli is a translator. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lowther is a lifeguard. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Custer is a painter. Custer, Napoli, and Lowther came across each other at the theme park. The park looks nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1627
Lagrone is a manager. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Devers is a real estate agent. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Castellano is an author. At the power yoga class, Devers, Lagrone, and Castellano ran into each other. The class starts with a warm - up session. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1628
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mccomas is a mechanic. Henao is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Preece is a real estate agent. Preece, Mccomas, and Henao connected at the design expo. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1629
Mantz is a researcher. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Woolery is a translator. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Blanch is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mantz, Woolery, and Blanch came across each other at the book club. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1630
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Whitmore is a painter. Lenhardt is a plumber. Calleros is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the yoga studio, Whitmore, Calleros, and Lenhardt connected. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1631
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Halperin is a painter. Lehn is a bookkeeper. Christner is a doctor. At the local talk, Lehn, Christner, and Halperin ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1632
Digiovanni is a bricklayer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Aust is a translator. Kobayashi is an author. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Aust, Digiovanni, and Kobayashi came across each other at the food co-op. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1633
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Scrivner is a lecturer. Oh is a translator. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Braaten is a florist. Scrivner, Braaten, and Oh came across each other at the bar crawl. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1634
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Keeling is a customer service representative. Sedgwick is a lecturer. Currence is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the commuter bus, Sedgwick, Keeling, and Currence met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1635
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Saintlouis is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Camero is a chef. Hodgkins is a real estate agent. Saintlouis, Camero, and Hodgkins came across each other at the social community gathering. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1636
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Headen is a bookkeeper. Millsaps is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Guise is a bricklayer. Guise, Millsaps, and Headen came across each other at the local talk. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1637
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Heintzelman is a chef. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kuntz is a manager. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Joo is a lecturer. At the gallery opening event, Kuntz, Joo, and Heintzelman met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1638
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lurie is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Trainor is a lecturer. Klima is a chef. At the animal shelter, Trainor, Klima, and Lurie ran into each other. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1639
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Londono is a newsreader. Zeiger is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Spooner is a painter. Spooner, Londono, and Zeiger connected at the high intensity class. The class has interesting sessions. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1640
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Crider is a newsreader. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Conover is a mechanic. Petras is a painter. Conover, Crider, and Petras came across each other at the design expo. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1641
Dinsmore is a manager. Fitzpatrick is a tailor. Klem is a doctor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Klem, Fitzpatrick, and Dinsmore connected at the networking event. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1642
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rizk is a newsreader. Ratcliffe is a translator. Brunell is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the partner dancing classes, Brunell, Ratcliffe, and Rizk met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1643
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Swart is a doctor. Eatmon is a bricklayer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hoopes is a lifeguard. At the wedding, Hoopes, Swart, and Eatmon met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1644
Cordes is a manager. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Bigelow is a lifeguard. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Beasley is a researcher. Cordes, Beasley, and Bigelow came across each other at the gallery opening event. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1645
Pharris is a bricklayer. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Pinard is a bookkeeper. Trader is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food co-op, Pharris, Pinard, and Trader ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1646
Ingersoll is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Spilman is a bookkeeper. Birt is a lifeguard. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the local talk, Spilman, Ingersoll, and Birt met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1647
Ibarra is a florist. Tinch is a bricklayer. Goldschmidt is a manager. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Tinch, Goldschmidt, and Ibarra came across each other at the rock climbing gym. The gym is located in the same building as the famous Old Glory training ground. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1648
Awad is a bookkeeper. Burchett is a labourer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Montilla is a bricklayer. Awad, Montilla, and Burchett connected at the cafe. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1649
Lobdell is an author. Tunney is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Ring is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lobdell, Tunney, and Ring connected at the open gallery museum. The museum has no such thing as free entry. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1650
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mccarron is an author. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hoover is a newsreader. Murch is a florist. Mccarron, Hoover, and Murch came across each other at the power yoga class. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1651
Ontiveros is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Peltier is a tailor. Freshour is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the specialty retail store, Peltier, Ontiveros, and Freshour ran into each other. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1652
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hutcheson is a painter. Culbertson is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lehn is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the charity car wash, Hutcheson, Culbertson, and Lehn connected. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1653
Biggs is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Crary is a tailor. Shippee is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the food co-op, Shippee, Biggs, and Crary met. The place is nice. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1654
Jerkins is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Shriver is a bookkeeper. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Moler is a doctor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the halloweeen party, Jerkins, Moler, and Shriver ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1655
Brafford is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Erdmann is a baker. Chabot is a customer service representative. Brafford, Chabot, and Erdmann came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1656
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Grill is a labourer. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Opitz is a doctor. Hassel is a bookkeeper. At the high intensity class, Opitz, Grill, and Hassel ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1657
Maday is a real estate agent. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lint is a tailor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Taub is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lint, Taub, and Maday connected at the high intensity class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1658
Mcmullan is a researcher. Weekly is a bookkeeper. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Guglielmo is a translator. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the yoga studio, Mcmullan, Guglielmo, and Weekly met. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1659
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Caplinger is a bricklayer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Berkman is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Loe is a baker. Berkman, Loe, and Caplinger came across each other at the gallery opening event. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1660
Chappelle is a chef. Shimko is a labourer. Sheetz is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the french class, Sheetz, Shimko, and Chappelle met. The class is fun! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1661
Murch is a florist. Adkinson is a researcher. Nakamura is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the design expo, Adkinson, Murch, and Nakamura ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1662
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Santiesteban is a customer service representative. Hickson is a labourer. Bienaime is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food festival, Bienaime, Santiesteban, and Hickson connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1663
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bramer is an author. Griffeth is a mechanic. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Albee is a painter. At the local talk, Griffeth, Bramer, and Albee met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1664
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Nock is a bookkeeper. Hanlon is a tailor. Wichman is a translator. At the halloweeen party, Wichman, Nock, and Hanlon connected. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. Ey reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1665
Duque is a customer service representative. Dombrowski is a newsreader. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Viramontes is a bookkeeper. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the happy hours, Duque, Viramontes, and Dombrowski connected. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1666
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Kidd is a bookkeeper. Mcdougal is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Archila is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the bar crawl, Mcdougal, Kidd, and Archila connected. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1667
Coppock is a real estate agent. Hayward is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Taub is a researcher. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Taub, Coppock, and Hayward came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1668
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Saintlouis is a customer service representative. Min is a bricklayer. Fleischmann is a translator. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the party, Saintlouis, Min, and Fleischmann ran into each other. The party is also filled by the band. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1669
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Ethridge is a baker. Depaz is a manager. Gentile is a florist. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Ethridge, Gentile, and Depaz connected at the community garden. The water is very good and clean. They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1670
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Clarkson is a bricklayer. Mixon is a painter. Torrez is an author. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the community garden, Clarkson, Torrez, and Mixon connected. The water is very good and clean. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1671
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lengacher is a baker. Burks is a customer service representative. Robison is a painter. At the cafe, Lengacher, Robison, and Burks connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1672
Arendt is a bookkeeper. Cumberbatch is a tailor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Jeansonne is a florist. At the theme park, Arendt, Cumberbatch, and Jeansonne connected. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1673
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Emberton is a bricklayer. Peer is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mullis is a translator. Mullis, Emberton, and Peer connected at the restaurant. The beer is excellent. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1674
Delcastillo is a lifeguard. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hylton is a tailor. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nellis is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the happy hours, Nellis, Hylton, and Delcastillo met. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1675
Mastroianni is a lecturer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hiett is a real estate agent. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Minch is a bricklayer. At the happy hours, Mastroianni, Minch, and Hiett ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1676
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Camargo is a baker. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lust is a tailor. Sylvestre is a real estate agent. At the fitness class, Lust, Camargo, and Sylvestre connected. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1677
Funes is a baker. Welsh is a florist. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Sze is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the rock climbing gym, Welsh, Funes, and Sze ran into each other. The gym is a great place to exercise in the winter. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1678
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Veitch is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Vanvleet is a mechanic. Brockington is a manager. At the grocery store, Vanvleet, Brockington, and Veitch connected. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1679
Harkness is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Torpey is a newsreader. Castilleja is an author. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the design expo, Torpey, Harkness, and Castilleja ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1680
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Niemi is a translator. Taub is a customer service representative. Asberry is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the yoga studio, Niemi, Asberry, and Taub connected. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1681
Tamura is a painter. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Ellinger is a florist. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Veiga is a bookkeeper. Tamura, Ellinger, and Veiga came across each other at the happy hours. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1682
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Delorenzo is a real estate agent. Castelan is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Thapa is a mechanic. Castelan, Thapa, and Delorenzo came across each other at the party. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1683
Short is a plumber. Ours is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Belk is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the french class, Ours, Belk, and Short met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1684
Blood is a doctor. Patel is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Pridemore is a painter. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the social community gathering, Blood, Patel, and Pridemore ran into each other. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1685
Artz is a bricklayer. Spinks is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Welcher is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Spinks, Welcher, and Artz connected at the partner dancing classes. It's a huge place! She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1686
Prakash is a real estate agent. Dysart is a manager. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Noyes is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the gallery opening event, Dysart, Noyes, and Prakash connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1687
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bazile is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lavigne is a newsreader. Machen is a tailor. Machen, Bazile, and Lavigne came across each other at the networking event. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1688
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Moffatt is an author. Yawn is a real estate agent. Bracamontes is a plumber. At the food and drink festival, Moffatt, Yawn, and Bracamontes met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1689
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Litton is a tailor. Spinney is a newsreader. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Raval is a florist. Spinney, Raval, and Litton came across each other at the design expo. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1690
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Sandlin is a baker. Collie is a florist. Rountree is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the grocery store, Collie, Rountree, and Sandlin ran into each other. Markets are full of surprises! She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1691
Scarbrough is a bricklayer. Tapia is a mechanic. Babineau is an author. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the wine tasting, Tapia, Scarbrough, and Babineau ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1692
Segura is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Deaver is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Pennock is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pennock, Segura, and Deaver connected at the cooking class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1693
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Downer is a florist. Stpierre is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hinze is a doctor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Stpierre, Hinze, and Downer met. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1694
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Vacca is a labourer. Sandidge is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Melillo is a customer service representative. At the cafe, Sandidge, Melillo, and Vacca ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1695
Mantooth is an author. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Haworth is a painter. Wei is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the french class, Wei, Haworth, and Mantooth ran into each other. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1696
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Arendt is a lifeguard. Chambliss is an author. Legere is a lecturer. Arendt, Chambliss, and Legere connected at the food and drink festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1697
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Arjona is a bookkeeper. Liebman is a doctor. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Dysart is a painter. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Arjona, Dysart, and Liebman connected at the specialty retail store. The market is a big source of income for many people. Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1698
Solorzano is a lifeguard. Springfield is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Gallop is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Solorzano, Springfield, and Gallop connected at the new year party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1699
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Kennell is a real estate agent. Fouse is a newsreader. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Mccune is a researcher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Kennell, Mccune, and Fouse came across each other at the food co-op. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1700
Hemenway is a baker. Danos is a bricklayer. Meade is a labourer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the commuter bus, Meade, Danos, and Hemenway met. Public transports are eco-friendly. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1701
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Ting is a plumber. Damiani is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Amrhein is an author. At the commuter bus, Amrhein, Damiani, and Ting connected. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1702
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Blick is a researcher. Houlihan is a tailor. Chamberlin is a labourer. At the high intensity class, Blick, Chamberlin, and Houlihan connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1703
Renick is a bookkeeper. Menjivar is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Karnes is a translator. At the theme park, Karnes, Renick, and Menjivar ran into each other. The dogs that play here are super cute. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1704
Loughlin is a painter. Gearhart is a baker. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Limas is an author. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Loughlin, Gearhart, and Limas connected at the specialty retail store. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1705
Cruce is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Arriola is a bricklayer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Stenzel is a mechanic. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Arriola, Stenzel, and Cruce came across each other at the power yoga class. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1706
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Demott is a baker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gunderson is a lifeguard. Preece is a tailor. At the theme park, Preece, Demott, and Gunderson ran into each other. The park looks nice. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1707
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Epley is a tailor. Milliken is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Shearin is a translator. At the book club, Epley, Shearin, and Milliken ran into each other. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1708
Ito is a labourer. Maldonado is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Leng is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Maldonado, Leng, and Ito came across each other at the fitness class. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1709
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Nolte is a newsreader. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bruder is a customer service representative. Bondurant is a baker. Bondurant, Nolte, and Bruder came across each other at the partner dancing classes. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1710
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mccaughey is a doctor. Nail is an author. Willison is a researcher. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Nail, Willison, and Mccaughey came across each other at the restaurant. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1711
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Vizcaino is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Zaman is a real estate agent. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Marinez is a researcher. At the restaurant, Vizcaino, Zaman, and Marinez connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1712
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Luebke is a customer service representative. Tamayo is a doctor. Zick is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Zick, Luebke, and Tamayo came across each other at the restaurant. One of the few spots for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1713
Stackhouse is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Maske is a lifeguard. Amaral is an author. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Maske, Stackhouse, and Amaral came across each other at the social community gathering. The community has an open kitchen. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1714
Rake is a florist. Lafever is a tailor. Meche is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Lafever, Rake, and Meche connected at the fitness class. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1715
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Jonson is a real estate agent. Olmedo is a florist. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Fergerson is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the rock climbing gym, Olmedo, Fergerson, and Jonson connected. The gym is located in the same building as the famous Old Glory training ground. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1716
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Holtzman is a translator. Dombrowski is a lifeguard. Mclaughlin is a real estate agent. Holtzman, Mclaughlin, and Dombrowski came across each other at the food and drink festival. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1717
Chastain is a lecturer. Parise is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Porath is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Chastain, Parise, and Porath came across each other at the community garden. The picnic line is very short in this park. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1718
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Dinwiddie is a painter. Hiser is a tailor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Holle is a lifeguard. Dinwiddie, Hiser, and Holle came across each other at the theme park. The park is super crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1719
Lawver is a newsreader. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Michaelis is a real estate agent. Beasley is a bricklayer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Michaelis, Beasley, and Lawver connected at the gallery opening event. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1720
Mccuen is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Galyon is a florist. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Palomera is a researcher. Galyon, Palomera, and Mccuen came across each other at the food co-op. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1721
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ronning is a chef. Longnecker is a plumber. Noll is a tailor. At the local talk, Noll, Longnecker, and Ronning met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1722
Taub is a lecturer. Tuck is a baker. Batra is a mechanic. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the french class, Tuck, Batra, and Taub met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1723
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Dumont is a researcher. Sobolewski is a bricklayer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Kopacz is a bookkeeper. Sobolewski, Dumont, and Kopacz connected at the networking event. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1724
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sommerfeld is a plumber. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Spano is an author. Kinard is a painter. At the community garden, Kinard, Sommerfeld, and Spano met. The picnic line is very short in this park. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1725
Jumper is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Byerly is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hankinson is a florist. At the gallery opening event, Jumper, Hankinson, and Byerly ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1726
Atteberry is a real estate agent. Aronson is a tailor. Limas is a labourer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the french class, Atteberry, Limas, and Aronson met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1727
Eckard is a bookkeeper. Mcmenamin is a chef. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Chien is a researcher. At the cafe, Chien, Eckard, and Mcmenamin connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1728
Brey is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Backes is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Feldkamp is a chef. At the food and drink festival, Backes, Brey, and Feldkamp connected. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1729
Zarazua is a mechanic. Doud is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dolson is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Zarazua, Dolson, and Doud connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1730
Wilmes is a customer service representative. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Sprecher is a florist. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fant is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the hotel, Sprecher, Fant, and Wilmes ran into each other. The place was crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1731
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Batres is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Choudhary is a researcher. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Schultheis is a manager. At the food festival, Batres, Choudhary, and Schultheis connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1732
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Carvajal is a painter. Cendejas is a bricklayer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lowman is a lifeguard. Lowman, Cendejas, and Carvajal came across each other at the theme park. The park is very green and refreshing. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1733
Beason is a customer service representative. Norcross is a newsreader. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Merten is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the local talk, Norcross, Beason, and Merten ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1734
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Sonntag is a bricklayer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Dismuke is a researcher. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Hodgins is an author. Dismuke, Sonntag, and Hodgins came across each other at the open gallery museum. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1735
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Vacek is a bricklayer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcquade is a labourer. Tickle is a newsreader. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Mcquade, Vacek, and Tickle connected at the new year party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1736
Houchens is a labourer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Sandusky is a researcher. Grounds is a painter. At the food festival, Sandusky, Houchens, and Grounds met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1737
Hubbs is a translator. Rothenberg is a bricklayer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Beesley is a real estate agent. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the restaurant, Rothenberg, Hubbs, and Beesley ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1738
Maeda is a doctor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Humes is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dyke is a tailor. At the book club, Humes, Maeda, and Dyke met. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1739
Gramling is a chef. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hoke is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Chambless is a baker. At the food festival, Chambless, Hoke, and Gramling connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1740
Garey is a baker. Higuera is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Inocencio is a plumber. Inocencio, Higuera, and Garey came across each other at the party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1741
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Swarthout is a mechanic. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Peete is a baker. Manners is a translator. At the community garden, Swarthout, Peete, and Manners ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1742
Calderone is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Wildman is a mechanic. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Barrows is a researcher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wildman, Barrows, and Calderone connected at the animal shelter. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1743
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Clinard is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Guglielmo is a chef. Goodwin is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Goodwin, Clinard, and Guglielmo came across each other at the power yoga class. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1744
Feltner is a doctor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Ruan is a florist. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Saldana is a bricklayer. At the local talk, Saldana, Feltner, and Ruan ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1745
Dizon is a painter. Elswick is a manager. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Harkins is a florist. Harkins, Elswick, and Dizon connected at the boardwalk arcade. The city is a great place to find something to do. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1746
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Traynor is a doctor. Blum is a bookkeeper. Morefield is a florist. At the social community gathering, Morefield, Traynor, and Blum connected. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1747
Mach is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Klima is a bookkeeper. Amendola is a bricklayer. At the power yoga class, Mach, Klima, and Amendola connected. Yoga is best done in silence. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1748
Freeland is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Tuthill is a plumber. Noren is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the french class, Freeland, Tuthill, and Noren connected. Each session teaches a different theme. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1749
Petry is a bricklayer. Bai is a chef. Goetz is an author. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Goetz, Petry, and Bai connected at the partner dancing classes. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1750
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Blais is a real estate agent. Markovic is a chef. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Boggess is a lifeguard. At the charity car wash, Markovic, Boggess, and Blais ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1751
Castillo is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hanks is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kaster is a chef. Kaster, Castillo, and Hanks connected at the cafe. The food here is very tasty. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1752
Stough is a manager. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Theus is a mechanic. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Nabors is a doctor. Theus, Stough, and Nabors came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1753
Braggs is a mechanic. Bohanon is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Levan is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bohanon, Levan, and Braggs came across each other at the food and drink festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1754
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Sechrist is a customer service representative. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Stich is a florist. Apostol is a lecturer. At the party, Sechrist, Apostol, and Stich ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1755
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Frasca is a real estate agent. Chirinos is a mechanic. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Brigman is an author. At the wine tasting, Frasca, Brigman, and Chirinos met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1756
Kouba is a tailor. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Freeland is a lifeguard. Rodman is a baker. Kouba, Rodman, and Freeland connected at the wedding. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1757
Lechuga is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Copp is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Backes is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the french class, Lechuga, Backes, and Copp ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1758
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Min is a newsreader. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Gatti is a doctor. Eakins is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the food and drink festival, Gatti, Min, and Eakins ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1759
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mccallister is a customer service representative. Fluharty is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Coolidge is a mechanic. Fluharty, Coolidge, and Mccallister came across each other at the book club. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1760
Laux is a manager. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Roosa is a newsreader. Coronado is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the networking event, Laux, Coronado, and Roosa ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1761
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Driscoll is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hager is a labourer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Gosselin is a real estate agent. Driscoll, Hager, and Gosselin connected at the fitness class. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1762
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Havard is a lifeguard. Mccowan is a baker. Cordes is a chef. At the design expo, Havard, Mccowan, and Cordes met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1763
Barth is a researcher. Dickie is a manager. Cardella is a doctor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Cardella, Dickie, and Barth came across each other at the design expo. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1764
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Gobin is a bricklayer. Stepanek is a translator. Mulvaney is a researcher. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. At the french class, Mulvaney, Gobin, and Stepanek connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1765
Nosal is a lecturer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Meche is a bricklayer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Appleby is a painter. Appleby, Nosal, and Meche connected at the wedding. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1766
Gehrke is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Marquina is a labourer. Simard is a florist. At the power yoga class, Gehrke, Simard, and Marquina met. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1767
Degeorge is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Prill is a chef. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pigott is a translator. Pigott, Prill, and Degeorge came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1768
Bunting is a mechanic. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Condra is a translator. Haberman is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the high intensity class, Condra, Haberman, and Bunting met. Classes teach new things every week. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1769
Curcio is a newsreader. Hertzler is a bookkeeper. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Reavis is a plumber. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Curcio, Hertzler, and Reavis connected. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1770
Hutcherson is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Stonge is a tailor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Alcorta is a lecturer. Stonge, Alcorta, and Hutcherson connected at the open gallery museum. Museums are definitely not boring! He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1771
Grossman is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sarabia is a florist. Yonker is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Grossman, Sarabia, and Yonker connected at the design expo. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1772
Younce is a florist. Logsdon is a tailor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kaster is a doctor. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Logsdon, Kaster, and Younce came across each other at the food and drink festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1773
Bock is a customer service representative. Biermann is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Quiroz is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the fitness class, Quiroz, Biermann, and Bock met. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1774
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brassard is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Moen is a mechanic. Leanos is a translator. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Leanos, Brassard, and Moen ran into each other. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1775
Rotondo is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Boyer is a lifeguard. Feemster is a mechanic. At the wedding, Boyer, Feemster, and Rotondo connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1776
Almazan is a florist. Cruce is a manager. Taff is a lifeguard. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Almazan, Taff, and Cruce came across each other at the new year party. The party is free entry for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1777
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Schuetz is a labourer. Ruggiero is a translator. Lupton is a customer service representative. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Ruggiero, Schuetz, and Lupton connected at the wedding. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1778
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Lapoint is a researcher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Amsden is a lifeguard. Helsel is a real estate agent. At the animal shelter, Amsden, Helsel, and Lapoint connected. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1779
Silcox is a real estate agent. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Condit is a tailor. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hofmeister is a customer service representative. At the bar crawl, Silcox, Hofmeister, and Condit connected. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1780
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Tobon is a bricklayer. Gabbert is a labourer. Gardiner is a chef. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gabbert, Tobon, and Gardiner connected at the specialty retail store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1781
Venditti is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Jalloh is a real estate agent. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Azevedo is a researcher. Jalloh, Azevedo, and Venditti came across each other at the commuter bus. Public transports are affordable. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1782
Wooten is a painter. Quiroz is a manager. Swift is a baker. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the food festival, Wooten, Swift, and Quiroz met. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1783
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Caver is a bookkeeper. Dowling is a bricklayer. Creamer is a baker. Dowling, Caver, and Creamer came across each other at the wedding. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1784
Branham is a mechanic. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hagans is a baker. Foulks is a bookkeeper. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hagans, Foulks, and Branham connected at the new year party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1785
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Engelhart is a baker. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Felts is a doctor. Mahone is a manager. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the open gallery museum, Mahone, Felts, and Engelhart met. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1786
Tavarez is a mechanic. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Bier is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Palomera is a real estate agent. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Tavarez, Bier, and Palomera connected at the theme park. The water is very good and clean. Ze reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1787
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Macedo is a doctor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Kasprzak is a painter. Horner is a mechanic. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Macedo, Horner, and Kasprzak connected at the animal shelter. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1788
Dickerson is a painter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Tews is a lifeguard. Vandyke is a newsreader. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the food festival, Dickerson, Tews, and Vandyke met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1789
Mcdade is a manager. Cumberbatch is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Parenti is a bookkeeper. At the charity car wash, Cumberbatch, Parenti, and Mcdade met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1790
Harting is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Blakney is a lifeguard. Maggio is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Harting, Blakney, and Maggio connected at the cafe. The place is nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1791
Borkowski is a real estate agent. Viramontes is a painter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Poppe is a plumber. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the charity car wash, Viramontes, Poppe, and Borkowski connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1792
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fritch is a mechanic. Parmar is a customer service representative. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Fenley is a researcher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the book club, Parmar, Fritch, and Fenley connected. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1793
Senior is a chef. Dewberry is a real estate agent. Costello is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Senior, Costello, and Dewberry connected at the animal shelter. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1794
Click is a bookkeeper. Sylla is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Rice is a plumber. Click, Sylla, and Rice connected at the charity car wash. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1795
Shimp is a florist. Rothermel is a newsreader. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Hendley is a baker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rothermel, Hendley, and Shimp connected at the design expo. This event is to help make the community a better place. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1796
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Purpura is a manager. Ingrassia is a mechanic. Gramajo is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Purpura, Gramajo, and Ingrassia connected at the open gallery museum. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1797
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Whitmore is a customer service representative. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Samples is a painter. Christner is an author. At the grocery store, Christner, Samples, and Whitmore ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. Ze reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1798
Brown is a florist. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Souther is a baker. Lemoine is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the hotel, Souther, Brown, and Lemoine met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1799
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Fetty is a bookkeeper. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Vandeventer is a bricklayer. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Horvat is a doctor. At the gallery opening event, Horvat, Fetty, and Vandeventer connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ey reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1800
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Holloman is a bricklayer. Kittrell is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Limas is a plumber. Holloman, Kittrell, and Limas connected at the commuter bus. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1801
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Butner is a real estate agent. Barta is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Fahy is a newsreader. At the local talk, Butner, Barta, and Fahy ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1802
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Kibbe is a real estate agent. Boos is a tailor. Plant is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Kibbe, Plant, and Boos connected at the french class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1803
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Nace is a baker. Straub is a manager. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Barnett is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the cooking class, Nace, Straub, and Barnett ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1804
Raddatz is a florist. Fullmer is a baker. Swiatek is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the social community gathering, Raddatz, Fullmer, and Swiatek met. The community is at a crossroads here. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1805
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Desir is a florist. Laplant is a painter. Mcilwain is a labourer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Laplant, Desir, and Mcilwain came across each other at the religious and spiritual gathering. It is a place of faith. They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1806
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Vangundy is a customer service representative. Wasser is a researcher. Mercurio is a bricklayer. At the boardwalk arcade, Mercurio, Vangundy, and Wasser ran into each other. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1807
Vasser is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Winer is a baker. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Middendorf is a bricklayer. At the specialty retail store, Vasser, Middendorf, and Winer connected. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1808
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Birkholz is a labourer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dorantes is a manager. Jeanbaptiste is an author. At the cafe, Birkholz, Jeanbaptiste, and Dorantes connected. The coffee tastes good. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1809
Foshee is a bricklayer. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Leffel is a mechanic. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Westhoff is an author. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the hotel, Westhoff, Leffel, and Foshee met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1810
Trimmer is a manager. Rizk is a painter. Vangundy is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Rizk, Vangundy, and Trimmer came across each other at the cooking class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1811
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Mullins is a newsreader. Mcmillian is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Vences is a manager. Mullins, Mcmillian, and Vences came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1812
Ott is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dulaney is a chef. Christopherson is a mechanic. Ott, Dulaney, and Christopherson connected at the new year party. The party is also filled by the band. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1813
Sannicolas is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Millsaps is a translator. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mattes is a bricklayer. Mattes, Millsaps, and Sannicolas connected at the yoga studio. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1814
Vandusen is a tailor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Fegley is a researcher. Bartsch is a chef. At the local talk, Vandusen, Bartsch, and Fegley met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1815
Reiber is a manager. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Gallaher is a baker. Gundersen is a translator. At the cafe, Reiber, Gallaher, and Gundersen met. The coffee tastes good. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1816
Romines is a translator. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Crafton is a baker. Peebles is a plumber. Peebles, Romines, and Crafton connected at the yoga studio. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1817
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Kroening is a painter. Caplinger is a lifeguard. Hyler is a researcher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kroening, Hyler, and Caplinger connected at the food and drink festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ey reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1818
Flesch is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Eichhorn is a lecturer. Felty is a real estate agent. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the french class, Eichhorn, Felty, and Flesch ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1819
Smitherman is an author. Parmer is a mechanic. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Cacho is a translator. Smitherman, Parmer, and Cacho connected at the hotel. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1820
Schroth is a painter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hertel is a mechanic. Sleeper is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Schroth, Sleeper, and Hertel came across each other at the charity car wash. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1821
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Scheib is a labourer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Pina is a plumber. Flores is a bricklayer. At the wedding, Scheib, Pina, and Flores connected. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1822
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Charron is an author. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Klopfenstein is a lecturer. Vought is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the high intensity class, Klopfenstein, Vought, and Charron ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1823
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Tallman is a manager. Monteith is a doctor. Mccomas is a lifeguard. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the commuter bus, Mccomas, Monteith, and Tallman met. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1824
Aguayo is a tailor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Khawaja is a florist. Romer is a researcher. At the design expo, Khawaja, Aguayo, and Romer ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1825
Furst is a chef. Selders is a tailor. Pifer is a researcher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the community garden, Pifer, Selders, and Furst met. The park site for more information about the location. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1826
Ballew is a baker. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mccants is a tailor. Dahlman is a florist. At the yoga studio, Dahlman, Mccants, and Ballew ran into each other. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1827
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Strohm is a real estate agent. Chairez is a bookkeeper. Boos is a translator. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Chairez, Boos, and Strohm connected at the hotel. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1828
Appleton is a bookkeeper. Ristau is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Sirmans is a researcher. At the yoga studio, Ristau, Appleton, and Sirmans ran into each other. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1829
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Foss is a manager. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Varona is a bricklayer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ceniceros is a painter. At the networking event, Ceniceros, Varona, and Foss met. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1830
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Durazo is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Conboy is a bookkeeper. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Toledo is a researcher. Durazo, Toledo, and Conboy came across each other at the power yoga class. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1831
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Arzate is a florist. Nevels is an author. Bachman is a chef. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Arzate, Nevels, and Bachman connected at the animal shelter. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1832
Shreves is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Ring is a chef. Moor is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the design expo, Moor, Ring, and Shreves met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1833
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Chahal is a doctor. Wheat is an author. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Falzone is a plumber. At the grocery store, Wheat, Chahal, and Falzone connected. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1834
Stormer is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Oney is a newsreader. Chappelle is a painter. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Stormer, Oney, and Chappelle came across each other at the networking event. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1835
Rabon is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Sloat is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Hulme is a bricklayer. Sloat, Rabon, and Hulme connected at the local talk. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1836
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Scheib is an author. Schorr is a lecturer. Marone is a real estate agent. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Schorr, Marone, and Scheib connected at the high intensity class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ze reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1837
Sedgwick is a tailor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bowker is a chef. Gerace is a painter. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the specialty retail store, Bowker, Gerace, and Sedgwick met. The market is open to all genders and ages. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1838
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Hampson is a painter. Huie is a manager. Montag is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the fitness class, Hampson, Montag, and Huie connected. Yoga is best done in silence. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1839
Lu is a florist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hendley is an author. Sorto is a chef. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Hendley, Sorto, and Lu came across each other at the food and drink festival. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1840
Raftery is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Rosenfield is a researcher. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Orman is an author. Raftery, Rosenfield, and Orman connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. Ze told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1841
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Guevarra is a researcher. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Thill is a lecturer. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Lafever is a doctor. At the networking event, Thill, Lafever, and Guevarra ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1842
Beene is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Longnecker is a newsreader. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Music is a florist. At the new year party, Longnecker, Beene, and Music ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1843
Likens is a researcher. Weeden is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Breen is a mechanic. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Likens, Breen, and Weeden connected at the wedding. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1844
Casner is a translator. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Kidwell is an author. Westwood is a tailor. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the theme park, Westwood, Kidwell, and Casner connected. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1845
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Villavicencio is a customer service representative. Hutchings is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dill is a translator. At the commuter bus, Dill, Villavicencio, and Hutchings met. People have different schedules. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1846
Gaviria is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Innis is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Gillon is a lifeguard. At the cafe, Innis, Gaviria, and Gillon ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1847
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Cordeiro is a bookkeeper. Shotts is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Her is a chef. At the high intensity class, Cordeiro, Shotts, and Her ran into each other. It's a huge place! She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1848
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Line is a chef. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Dunston is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Matute is a manager. At the food co-op, Dunston, Matute, and Line ran into each other. The place was crowded. Ze reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1849
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Orchard is a chef. Pesina is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Christoff is a manager. Christoff, Pesina, and Orchard connected at the specialty retail store. The market is a big source of income for many people. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1850
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Swihart is a bookkeeper. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Swartwood is a newsreader. Danaher is an author. At the food co-op, Swihart, Danaher, and Swartwood ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1851
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hurdle is a customer service representative. Hipp is a newsreader. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Winer is a mechanic. At the food and drink festival, Hipp, Winer, and Hurdle ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1852
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Stambaugh is a manager. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Steeves is a baker. Oliveras is a painter. Stambaugh, Steeves, and Oliveras connected at the community garden. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1853
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rettig is a painter. Mallard is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Salyers is a chef. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the local talk, Salyers, Mallard, and Rettig ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1854
Willbanks is a painter. Burt is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Cover is a mechanic. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the wedding, Cover, Burt, and Willbanks connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1855
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Friedrichs is a baker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Leong is a plumber. Logsdon is a translator. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the party, Friedrichs, Logsdon, and Leong ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1856
Groner is a mechanic. Crudup is a florist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Koval is a plumber. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the new year party, Groner, Crudup, and Koval ran into each other. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1857
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mahon is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Goodman is a bookkeeper. Fusco is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mahon, Fusco, and Goodman connected at the animal shelter. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1858
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Mah is a chef. Mccallister is a manager. Brodersen is a florist. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Mccallister, Mah, and Brodersen connected. It is important to work together. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1859
Legg is a chef. Etheredge is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Marcelin is a bookkeeper. Etheredge, Marcelin, and Legg came across each other at the cafe. The food here is very tasty. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1860
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Stahlman is a customer service representative. Luciani is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ramsdell is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Luciani, Stahlman, and Ramsdell connected at the new year party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1861
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hallberg is a painter. Seery is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Maravilla is a lecturer. At the charity car wash, Seery, Maravilla, and Hallberg ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1862
Sipple is a chef. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Canseco is a bricklayer. Segura is an author. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Canseco, Sipple, and Segura came across each other at the new year party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1863
Oldfield is a plumber. Hightower is a newsreader. Guimond is a translator. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Hightower, Oldfield, and Guimond connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1864
Villacis is a mechanic. Gunderson is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Coonrod is a plumber. At the book club, Gunderson, Coonrod, and Villacis connected. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1865
Morefield is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Quiroz is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hallum is a customer service representative. At the fitness class, Quiroz, Hallum, and Morefield ran into each other. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1866
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Privette is a bricklayer. Pinto is a customer service representative. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Nakashima is a translator. At the hotel, Privette, Nakashima, and Pinto met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1867
Heywood is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Prieto is a newsreader. Burns is a baker. Burns, Heywood, and Prieto connected at the theme park. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. Ey told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1868
Mingo is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Ngo is a bricklayer. Greig is an author. Greig, Ngo, and Mingo connected at the design expo. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1869
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Southern is a lecturer. Brenes is a tailor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bauman is a manager. At the boardwalk arcade, Southern, Brenes, and Bauman ran into each other. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1870
Nunley is a plumber. Astudillo is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Conard is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Nunley, Astudillo, and Conard connected at the fitness class. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1871
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Kahl is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Besaw is a baker. Luse is a lifeguard. Kahl, Besaw, and Luse came across each other at the rock climbing gym. The gym is also a great way to get to know each other. Ze reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1872
Munz is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Cargill is an author. Huebner is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the rock climbing gym, Munz, Huebner, and Cargill ran into each other. The gym is located on the southeast side of the campus, which runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily at Lenny's Club. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1873
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Grillo is a newsreader. Dreher is a baker. Mistretta is a painter. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the cafe, Mistretta, Grillo, and Dreher connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1874
Lipari is a florist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Diebold is a baker. Perales is a lecturer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the commuter bus, Diebold, Lipari, and Perales ran into each other. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1875
Monterroso is a researcher. Nicks is a baker. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Simoes is a bookkeeper. At the religious and spiritual gathering, Monterroso, Simoes, and Nicks ran into each other. It is important to work together. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1876
Fuhrman is a doctor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Machuca is a lifeguard. Caswell is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the power yoga class, Caswell, Machuca, and Fuhrman met. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1877
Thurmond is a baker. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Pappas is a doctor. Chanthavong is an author. At the bar crawl, Thurmond, Pappas, and Chanthavong met. The tour is an important part of the new generation. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1878
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Bethune is a researcher. Meneses is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mixon is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the partner dancing classes, Mixon, Bethune, and Meneses connected. Classes teach new things every week. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1879
Sangster is a plumber. Phinney is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Canavan is a florist. At the halloweeen party, Canavan, Phinney, and Sangster ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1880
Christensen is a chef. Alcantara is a translator. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bracamontes is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. At the food festival, Bracamontes, Alcantara, and Christensen met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1881
Rogel is a lecturer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Delorenzo is a real estate agent. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bento is a baker. Bento, Rogel, and Delorenzo came across each other at the theme park. The park is super crowded. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1882
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Turman is an author. Wilkie is a baker. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Tennison is a lecturer. At the yoga studio, Turman, Wilkie, and Tennison ran into each other. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. Ey told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1883
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Hoback is a manager. Segrest is a researcher. Beadles is a florist. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the book club, Beadles, Segrest, and Hoback ran into each other. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1884
Cansler is a manager. Hennen is a plumber. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcclendon is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the cooking class, Mcclendon, Hennen, and Cansler met. The class is fun! She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1885
Bollin is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Zaleski is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Franke is a translator. Zaleski, Franke, and Bollin connected at the hotel. The beer is excellent. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1886
Bernal is a manager. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Torpey is a newsreader. Mumaw is a doctor. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the gallery opening event, Torpey, Bernal, and Mumaw connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1887
Wehrle is a doctor. Kaler is a baker. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Barefield is a tailor. At the party, Kaler, Wehrle, and Barefield ran into each other. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1888
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Cassara is a bricklayer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Schroeter is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Lively is a real estate agent. Cassara, Schroeter, and Lively connected at the food festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1889
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hallman is a plumber. Lalonde is a mechanic. Suazo is a painter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the fitness class, Suazo, Lalonde, and Hallman connected. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1890
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Alloway is a translator. Raval is a lifeguard. Brehm is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the yoga studio, Alloway, Raval, and Brehm met. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1891
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Duque is a baker. Cardiel is a labourer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wininger is a bookkeeper. Cardiel, Wininger, and Duque connected at the partner dancing classes. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1892
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kasprzak is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Campana is a lecturer. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Alkire is a tailor. At the food co-op, Alkire, Campana, and Kasprzak met. The coffee cake is quite good. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1893
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Daggett is a painter. Nowlin is a translator. Pledger is a doctor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the food and drink festival, Pledger, Daggett, and Nowlin met. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1894
Glorioso is a real estate agent. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Aust is a bricklayer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Cardinale is a labourer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Glorioso, Aust, and Cardinale connected at the french class. The classes usually begin before work. Ey told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1895
Tredway is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Newbern is a painter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Napoli is a chef. Tredway, Newbern, and Napoli came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1896
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Groen is a lifeguard. Gee is a real estate agent. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Key is a doctor. At the fitness class, Groen, Gee, and Key met. The class starts with a warm - up session. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1897
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mosier is a florist. Cuddy is a real estate agent. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Quimby is a translator. At the gallery opening event, Mosier, Cuddy, and Quimby ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1898
Rogge is a real estate agent. Pumphrey is a researcher. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mcdougald is a painter. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Mcdougald, Pumphrey, and Rogge came across each other at the charity car wash. A lot of people participate in these events! Ey reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1899
Bellows is a manager. Kinyon is a bricklayer. Ready is a florist. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the networking event, Bellows, Ready, and Kinyon connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1900
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Seabrook is a plumber. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Shearer is a translator. Allman is a customer service representative. At the gallery opening event, Seabrook, Shearer, and Allman met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1901
Coolidge is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Consiglio is a chef. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Auman is a labourer. Consiglio, Coolidge, and Auman came across each other at the party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. Ey reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1902
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Ridenhour is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. In is a newsreader. Tolle is a bookkeeper. In, Ridenhour, and Tolle came across each other at the networking event. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1903
Santoyo is a chef. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lahr is a customer service representative. Poss is a bookkeeper. At the open gallery museum, Poss, Santoyo, and Lahr connected. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1904
Gagnon is a mechanic. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Richerson is a florist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Satter is a chef. At the gallery opening event, Gagnon, Richerson, and Satter met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1905
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gebhart is a tailor. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Mazon is an author. Stroble is a mechanic. At the happy hours, Gebhart, Mazon, and Stroble ran into each other. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1906
Lipinski is a tailor. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mazon is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hulse is a painter. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the grocery store, Lipinski, Hulse, and Mazon met. The market is a big source of income for many people. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1907
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Font is a bricklayer. Haynes is a lifeguard. Spector is a translator. At the french class, Spector, Font, and Haynes connected. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1908
Wanner is a baker. Mcnear is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Tomlin is a newsreader. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcnear, Tomlin, and Wanner came across each other at the power yoga class. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1909
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mcglothin is a florist. Umstead is a translator. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Crean is a baker. At the community garden, Umstead, Crean, and Mcglothin met. There are different varieties of plants here! He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1910
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Brewton is a chef. Cloninger is a manager. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Heist is a baker. Heist, Cloninger, and Brewton connected at the partner dancing classes. This class has amazing outcomes. They reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1911
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Jasinski is a bookkeeper. Gangi is a doctor. Riccio is a baker. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the open gallery museum, Riccio, Gangi, and Jasinski ran into each other. Museums have free exhibitions. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1912
Folsom is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Waldrep is a florist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Helt is a mechanic. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. At the networking event, Helt, Folsom, and Waldrep met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1913
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Cullum is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Segars is a doctor. Brobst is a manager. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Cullum, Segars, and Brobst came across each other at the happy hours. The food here is very tasty. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1914
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Boutin is a manager. Mummert is a tailor. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Batiste is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mummert, Batiste, and Boutin came across each other at the party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1915
Klem is a lifeguard. Connors is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lozada is a customer service representative. At the boardwalk arcade, Klem, Lozada, and Connors ran into each other. The games are a lot of fun. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1916
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcnerney is a newsreader. Carreno is a florist. Wallis is a manager. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the food co-op, Mcnerney, Carreno, and Wallis ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1917
Sherpa is a customer service representative. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hoar is a tailor. Le is a labourer. Hoar, Sherpa, and Le came across each other at the community garden. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1918
The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gendreau is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Schlemmer is a lifeguard. Dressler is a manager. At the wine tasting, Gendreau, Schlemmer, and Dressler connected. One of the few spots for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1919
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Melo is a doctor. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Curtsinger is a chef. Emrich is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Melo, Emrich, and Curtsinger connected at the charity car wash. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1920
Collura is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mcguinness is a baker. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Jaco is a translator. Collura, Jaco, and Mcguinness came across each other at the local talk. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1921
Quayle is a translator. Hunsicker is a manager. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Menke is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. At the book club, Menke, Hunsicker, and Quayle connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. Ey reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1922
Dimick is a translator. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Hurtado is a doctor. Zehr is an author. At the high intensity class, Hurtado, Zehr, and Dimick met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1923
Gentle is an author. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Besaw is a plumber. Funderburg is a newsreader. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the gallery opening event, Besaw, Funderburg, and Gentle met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1924
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Hyden is a baker. Annunziata is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Schwing is a real estate agent. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the grocery store, Hyden, Annunziata, and Schwing met. The market is divided into sub-markets. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1925
Stowe is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Benham is a tailor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Bhakta is an author. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the restaurant, Bhakta, Stowe, and Benham connected. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1926
Bohl is a lifeguard. Caswell is a tailor. Arney is a painter. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the social community gathering, Arney, Caswell, and Bohl met. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1927
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Antley is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kluck is a customer service representative. Sterns is a bookkeeper. At the cafe, Sterns, Antley, and Kluck met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1928
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Swartzentruber is a bricklayer. Singer is a real estate agent. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Nawrocki is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the social community gathering, Singer, Swartzentruber, and Nawrocki met. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1929
Dilorenzo is a lecturer. Chappelle is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hoff is a newsreader. At the gallery opening event, Dilorenzo, Chappelle, and Hoff connected. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1930
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mata is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rocker is a newsreader. Motes is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mata, Motes, and Rocker connected at the french class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1931
The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Borek is a painter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Reichman is a labourer. Haycraft is a real estate agent. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the food festival, Borek, Reichman, and Haycraft connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1932
Auman is a lecturer. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lafave is a doctor. Mazzone is a bookkeeper. At the new year party, Mazzone, Lafave, and Auman ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1933
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Menchaca is a lifeguard. Laughter is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Klima is a labourer. At the cafe, Menchaca, Klima, and Laughter connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1934
Pugsley is a baker. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Thein is a florist. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Geoghegan is a doctor. At the book club, Thein, Geoghegan, and Pugsley met. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1935
Espiritu is a manager. Rutland is a bricklayer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Parrino is a real estate agent. At the food and drink festival, Parrino, Espiritu, and Rutland ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1936
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Highland is a lifeguard. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Ogawa is an author. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sieg is a newsreader. Sieg, Ogawa, and Highland connected at the happy hours. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1937
Hua is a real estate agent. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mccaughey is a customer service representative. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Kays is a bookkeeper. At the yoga studio, Mccaughey, Hua, and Kays connected. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1938
Upham is a bookkeeper. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Klopfenstein is a tailor. Kreps is a plumber. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the french class, Upham, Kreps, and Klopfenstein met. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1939
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Blevins is a labourer. Gattis is a customer service representative. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Harbaugh is a bookkeeper. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the wedding, Harbaugh, Gattis, and Blevins ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1940
Pyle is a plumber. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Brosnan is a customer service representative. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Brendel is a researcher. Brosnan, Brendel, and Pyle came across each other at the partner dancing classes. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1941
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Bruder is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Kuhlman is a doctor. Willey is a florist. Kuhlman, Willey, and Bruder connected at the partner dancing classes. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1942
The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sickler is a doctor. Feemster is a chef. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Featherstone is a bookkeeper. At the design expo, Feemster, Featherstone, and Sickler ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1943
Beardsley is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Curcio is a mechanic. Mattei is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Beardsley, Mattei, and Curcio came across each other at the charity car wash. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1944
Noack is a labourer. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Behling is a real estate agent. Reiber is a doctor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Noack, Reiber, and Behling came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1945
Htoo is a manager. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Kellum is a plumber. Selzer is a translator. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Selzer, Kellum, and Htoo came across each other at the yoga studio. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1946
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hock is an author. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Cohee is a bricklayer. Lowry is a mechanic. At the social community gathering, Cohee, Hock, and Lowry connected. The community is at a crossroads here. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1947
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Verdugo is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mccalister is a plumber. Diazdeleon is a painter. At the bar crawl, Mccalister, Diazdeleon, and Verdugo ran into each other. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1948
Boydston is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Tischler is an author. Feuerstein is a painter. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the french class, Feuerstein, Tischler, and Boydston connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1949
The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Kuehn is a real estate agent. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Mccaslin is a doctor. Dunphy is a bookkeeper. At the open gallery museum, Dunphy, Kuehn, and Mccaslin met. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1950
Ferreri is a bricklayer. Jalloh is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Munford is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Munford, Ferreri, and Jalloh came across each other at the yoga studio. The class starts with a warm - up session. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1951
Watanabe is an author. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Stamper is a lecturer. Sneddon is a real estate agent. Watanabe, Stamper, and Sneddon came across each other at the bar crawl. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1952
Schendel is a customer service representative. Motto is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Braunstein is a researcher. Motto, Braunstein, and Schendel connected at the french class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1953
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sheley is a tailor. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Helm is a lifeguard. Muldoon is a bricklayer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Muldoon, Helm, and Sheley came across each other at the animal shelter. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1954
The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Coppage is a lifeguard. Foshee is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Carone is a translator. At the local talk, Foshee, Carone, and Coppage connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1955
Funderburg is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Burdine is a labourer. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Lamarre is a manager. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the theme park, Lamarre, Funderburg, and Burdine ran into each other. The park has a running track. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1956
The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gobert is a florist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Braggs is a customer service representative. Czarnecki is a chef. Gobert, Braggs, and Czarnecki came across each other at the grocery store. The market is divided into sub-markets. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1957
Pintor is a newsreader. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ahern is a manager. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Friedel is a customer service representative. Pintor, Ahern, and Friedel came across each other at the theme park. We have some nice white rabbits here too. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1958
Nance is a labourer. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Salsman is a bookkeeper. Ortis is a florist. At the community garden, Nance, Salsman, and Ortis connected. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. Ey reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1959
Wagoner is a bookkeeper. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Blum is a newsreader. Spagnola is a painter. Blum, Spagnola, and Wagoner connected at the food and drink festival. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1960
Baires is a mechanic. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Foulk is a lecturer. Hutcheson is a painter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Baires, Hutcheson, and Foulk connected at the food and drink festival. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1961
Groce is a real estate agent. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Strube is a researcher. Bejar is a tailor. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. At the wine tasting, Strube, Groce, and Bejar connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. They told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1962
Renwick is a plumber. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Schroeter is a tailor. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Yager is a lifeguard. Schroeter, Renwick, and Yager connected at the cafe. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1963
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Pandey is a bricklayer. Zajac is a newsreader. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Swartzentruber is a florist. Zajac, Swartzentruber, and Pandey came across each other at the cafe. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1964
Frame is a doctor. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Gardea is a lecturer. Vandyne is a mechanic. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. At the food festival, Gardea, Vandyne, and Frame met. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1965
Fontanez is a manager. Hultgren is a lecturer. Brunk is a real estate agent. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the community garden, Hultgren, Fontanez, and Brunk met. The park is beautiful. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1966
Mondesir is an author. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Stimpson is a painter. Kraft is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. At the halloweeen party, Kraft, Mondesir, and Stimpson ran into each other. The party is free entry for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1967
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bieber is a chef. Ahern is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Swindle is a bookkeeper. At the bar crawl, Bieber, Swindle, and Ahern met. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1968
Blancas is a researcher. Ake is a translator. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Poirier is a mechanic. At the party, Ake, Blancas, and Poirier connected. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1969
The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Lineberry is a florist. Crocker is a translator. Skiles is a baker. Crocker, Lineberry, and Skiles came across each other at the hotel. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. Ey told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1970
The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Lechner is a florist. Spotts is a tailor. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Nuttall is a doctor. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Nuttall, Spotts, and Lechner connected at the wine tasting. The coffee tastes good. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1971
Dittmar is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Chon is a lecturer. Coppock is a bookkeeper. At the food and drink festival, Dittmar, Chon, and Coppock ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1972
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Latson is a chef. Wimbish is a tailor. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Zazueta is a customer service representative. Wimbish, Latson, and Zazueta connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1973
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Heineman is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Swindle is a lifeguard. Huebner is a bookkeeper. At the local talk, Heineman, Swindle, and Huebner connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1974
Demps is a bookkeeper. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Casperson is a customer service representative. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Harpe is a baker. At the high intensity class, Casperson, Demps, and Harpe connected. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1975
Mosser is a researcher. The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. Schueler is a chef. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Minick is a painter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schueler, Mosser, and Minick came across each other at the book club. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1976
Cryer is a chef. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Knaus is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gove is a baker. Knaus, Cryer, and Gove connected at the halloweeen party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1977
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Spink is a lecturer. Hodgkins is a bookkeeper. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ware is a plumber. Hodgkins, Ware, and Spink connected at the social community gathering. The place is very beautiful. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1978
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Prakash is a tailor. Belding is a baker. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Riendeau is a bricklayer. At the grocery store, Riendeau, Belding, and Prakash ran into each other. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1979
The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Braziel is a baker. Gangi is an author. Schueler is a plumber. Braziel, Schueler, and Gangi connected at the hotel. The food here is very tasty. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1980
Loreto is a florist. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kuhl is a translator. Baylis is a mechanic. At the specialty retail store, Loreto, Baylis, and Kuhl met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1981
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Wysocki is a tailor. Runkle is a manager. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lindner is a baker. Lindner, Wysocki, and Runkle connected at the yoga studio. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1982
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mccomas is a bricklayer. Bun is a customer service representative. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Esch is a newsreader. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bun, Esch, and Mccomas came across each other at the food festival. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1983
Dougan is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Okafor is a chef. Campos is a tailor. At the halloweeen party, Okafor, Dougan, and Campos connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1984
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Morita is a tailor. Philbrook is a bookkeeper. Lampert is a manager. The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. At the bar crawl, Philbrook, Lampert, and Morita met. Tours help one discover the city. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1985
The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. Rebolledo is a baker. Gonser is a doctor. Guillory is a bricklayer. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Gonser, Rebolledo, and Guillory connected at the food festival. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1986
Hartzler is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Tawil is a painter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mangino is a lecturer. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mangino, Hartzler, and Tawil connected at the local talk. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1987
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Cardinale is a manager. Andrzejewski is a mechanic. Topper is a customer service representative. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Topper, Andrzejewski, and Cardinale connected at the food festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1988
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Chirinos is a lecturer. The work of a bricklayer is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Stabler is a baker. Ressler is a bricklayer. Stabler, Ressler, and Chirinos connected at the halloweeen party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1989
Tetreault is a florist. Mink is a translator. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Chamberland is a baker. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the local talk, Tetreault, Mink, and Chamberland ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1990
Burstein is a lecturer. Haslam is a customer service representative. Mrozek is a florist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a florist is growing and selling flowers. Mrozek, Burstein, and Haslam came across each other at the halloweeen party. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1991
Bradt is a real estate agent. Buckman is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. Brownstein is a lifeguard. Bradt, Buckman, and Brownstein connected at the high intensity class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1992
Schweizer is a tailor. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Zamarripa is a newsreader. The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Strain is a lecturer. At the happy hours, Schweizer, Zamarripa, and Strain connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1993
Monti is a doctor. The work of a real estate agent is making money from selling land for development. The work of a customer service representative is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Maez is a real estate agent. Hultgren is a customer service representative. Hultgren, Monti, and Maez connected at the religious and spiritual gathering. The place is very beautiful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1994
The work of a tailor is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a baker is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hankinson is a baker. Preece is a lecturer. Pearman is a tailor. At the wine tasting, Pearman, Hankinson, and Preece ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1995
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lovett is a plumber. Dugas is a newsreader. The work of an author is writing books or novels professionally. Bick is an author. Lovett, Dugas, and Bick connected at the restaurant. It is a cool place to hang out. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1996
Stickler is a manager. The work of a painter is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mattes is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Guise is a painter. The work of a manager is managing people in a company. Guise, Mattes, and Stickler came across each other at the wine tasting. The food here is very tasty. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1997
Stiff is a translator. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Mathison is a labourer. Hofman is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Stiff, Mathison, and Hofman came across each other at the animal shelter. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1998
The work of a bookkeeper is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Hoopes is a doctor. Lannon is a bookkeeper. Bilodeau is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a doctor is helping and treating people with health problems. Lannon, Hoopes, and Bilodeau came across each other at the new year party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1999
The work of a researcher is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dyck is a researcher. Reynoso is a chef. The work of a translator is translating from one language to another professionally. Smyth is a translator. Smyth, Reynoso, and Dyck connected at the design expo. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.
