kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:0
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mingo is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Chafin is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Kasprzak is a mamser. At the business expo, Mingo, Chafin, and Kasprzak connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1
Villicana is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Quattlebaum is an enager. Therrien is a popesmer. Villicana, Quattlebaum, and Therrien came across each other at the beer making classes. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:2
Stolle is a ripteminer. Estep is a motaswer. Dalessio is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Dalessio, Stolle, and Estep came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:3
Etchison is a basrer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kulkarni is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Catt is a ceeper. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the local reading, Kulkarni, Catt, and Etchison met. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:4
Crisp is a wairer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Winsor is a ceeper. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hathaway is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the museum, Crisp, Winsor, and Hathaway ran into each other. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:5
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ringgold is an ointer. Hess is a ceeper. Normandin is a turter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the beer making classes, Normandin, Ringgold, and Hess met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:6
Bohanan is an enager. Luoma is a gladiower. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Gerrity is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the school reunion, Luoma, Gerrity, and Bohanan ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:7
Philpott is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Goodwill is a popesmer. Aldape is an ointer. At the food and drink festival, Philpott, Aldape, and Goodwill ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:8
Lorentz is an agovember. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Haddix is a turter. Purcell is an enager. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Haddix, Lorentz, and Purcell connected at the car show. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:9
Prill is an intensier. Deshotel is an ointer. Fahy is a wairer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the charity car wash, Fahy, Prill, and Deshotel ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:10
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Cork is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Mcculloch is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Rondeau is a bareer. At the open gallery museum, Rondeau, Cork, and Mcculloch met. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:11
Sande is a mamser. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Knipe is a gladiower. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Poteat is a bareer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the job fair, Poteat, Knipe, and Sande connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:12
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Soza is a mamser. Crager is a turter. Clough is a wairer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Clough, Crager, and Soza came across each other at the museum tour. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:13
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Olmstead is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Schwindt is a basrer. Donlon is an ointer. At the yoga studio, Donlon, Schwindt, and Olmstead met. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. Ze reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:14
Pendergrass is a ceeper. Keach is a ripteminer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mayeux is a mamser. At the food festival, Pendergrass, Keach, and Mayeux ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:15
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Cannizzaro is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lamberson is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Apgar is a ceeper. At the theater festival, Lamberson, Apgar, and Cannizzaro connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:16
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Segars is an agovember. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Vanhook is an intensier. Swenson is a turter. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the boardwalk arcade, Vanhook, Swenson, and Segars connected. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:17
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stalder is a senficer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Samano is an intensier. Mire is a popesmer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the school reunion, Samano, Stalder, and Mire met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:18
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Harwell is an enager. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Huth is a mornisdeiver. Stimpson is an ointer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the theme park, Harwell, Stimpson, and Huth connected. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:19
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hilaire is a mornisdeiver. Grossman is a turter. Blackstock is a mamser. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the car show, Grossman, Hilaire, and Blackstock met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:20
Hail is a gladiower. Fredericks is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Gerace is a stafker. Gerace, Fredericks, and Hail came across each other at the school reunion. The event is still underway. Ze told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:21
Warburton is an agovember. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Jovanovic is an intensier. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Suda is a ripteminer. Warburton, Suda, and Jovanovic connected at the community service day event. It is important to work together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:22
Abate is a senficer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Gobble is an enager. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Brasfield is a bareer. At the boardwalk arcade, Abate, Brasfield, and Gobble ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:23
Willms is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hornberger is a basrer. Schlosser is a mamser. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the food festival, Willms, Schlosser, and Hornberger connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:24
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Leung is a basrer. Bucher is a ceeper. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Galloway is a turter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Bucher, Galloway, and Leung ran into each other. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:25
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Giglio is a gladiower. Cluck is a basrer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Markovich is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cluck, Giglio, and Markovich came across each other at the street fair. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:26
Luck is an oterer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lingerfelt is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Greenstein is a mamser. At the food festival, Greenstein, Lingerfelt, and Luck ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:27
Delacerda is a ripteminer. Croce is a ceeper. Donlon is a musorder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the wine tasting, Delacerda, Donlon, and Croce connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:28
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rennie is an oterer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hitchens is an ointer. Crim is a basrer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the high intensity class, Hitchens, Rennie, and Crim ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:29
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Barlett is an agovember. Sharkey is an ointer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Krishnamurthy is a chopher. At the book store, Krishnamurthy, Barlett, and Sharkey met. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:30
Koski is an agovember. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hodnett is a ceeper. Shortt is a ripteminer. At the book store, Shortt, Koski, and Hodnett connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:31
Canale is an agovember. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Salisbury is a chopher. Luce is an intensier. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the winery tour, Luce, Canale, and Salisbury ran into each other. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:32
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Jervis is a mamser. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Tomasello is a gladiower. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Ohl is an agovember. At the specialty retail store, Ohl, Tomasello, and Jervis met. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:33
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Delorenzo is a chopher. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Kowalsky is an agovember. Gallop is a popesmer. Kowalsky, Gallop, and Delorenzo came across each other at the volunteer work. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:34
Doud is a ceeper. Newsom is a gladiower. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Victorino is a mamser. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the specialty retail store, Doud, Newsom, and Victorino ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. Ey reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:35
Halperin is a musorder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bravo is a gladiower. Scarpelli is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bravo, Halperin, and Scarpelli came across each other at the food festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:36
Lansing is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Shamburger is a motaswer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Mcintyre is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mcintyre, Lansing, and Shamburger connected at the open gallery museum. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:37
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Blankenship is an oterer. Bates is an enager. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hutchings is a mamser. Blankenship, Hutchings, and Bates connected at the retreat. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:38
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hockett is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ratliff is a ceeper. Menzel is a gladiower. At the museum, Ratliff, Hockett, and Menzel met. The museum has no such thing as free entry. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:39
Faria is a popesmer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Laxton is a musorder. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Gramlich is a senficer. At the open gallery museum, Gramlich, Faria, and Laxton connected. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:40
Lukes is an enager. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Atkin is a chopher. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Krishnamurthy is a gladiower. Atkin, Krishnamurthy, and Lukes connected at the street fair. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:41
Stenson is an enager. Mcnatt is a mornisdeiver. Rollo is a stafker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Rollo, Mcnatt, and Stenson connected at the open gallery museum. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:42
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Parman is a chopher. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Quintanar is a wairer. Dotts is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the museum, Dotts, Parman, and Quintanar ran into each other. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:43
Finkle is a senficer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Atchison is an ointer. Sparacino is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the commuter bus, Finkle, Atchison, and Sparacino ran into each other. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:44
Saiz is a senficer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hentges is a mornisdeiver. Gale is an oterer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the museum, Gale, Saiz, and Hentges met. Museums have free exhibitions. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:45
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Waltrip is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Knarr is a basrer. Shrout is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the local reading, Shrout, Knarr, and Waltrip ran into each other. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:46
Class is a musorder. Newsom is an enager. Mattoon is a mamser. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mattoon, Class, and Newsom came across each other at the yoga class. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:47
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Pinto is a popesmer. Smoak is a ripteminer. Schmit is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the museum, Pinto, Schmit, and Smoak connected. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:48
Stott is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Gilmour is a bareer. Lauderdale is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Stott, Gilmour, and Lauderdale connected at the community service day event. The place is very beautiful. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:49
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Belden is a motaswer. Trammell is an oterer. Inocencio is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the local reading, Belden, Inocencio, and Trammell connected. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:50
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Waugh is a chopher. Villafane is a popesmer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Keesee is a gladiower. Villafane, Keesee, and Waugh came across each other at the theme park. The park is good. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:51
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Guajardo is a mornisdeiver. Keese is a senficer. Portales is a motaswer. Portales, Guajardo, and Keese connected at the food festival. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:52
Chaves is a chopher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Judkins is a gladiower. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Cozzi is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the french class, Chaves, Cozzi, and Judkins connected. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:53
Bellinger is a wairer. Rein is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Bible is a chopher. At the archery class, Rein, Bellinger, and Bible met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:54
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Inniss is a mamser. Reiff is an enager. Worcester is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the volunteer work, Inniss, Worcester, and Reiff connected. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:55
Mcfarland is a turter. Wittmann is a ceeper. Cadle is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the book store, Wittmann, Cadle, and Mcfarland connected. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:56
Stivers is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Seavey is an intensier. Rugg is an enager. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Seavey, Rugg, and Stivers connected at the restaurant. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:57
Mitten is an enager. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cabezas is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Denicola is a mamser. Mitten, Denicola, and Cabezas came across each other at the yoga class. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:58
Murph is a chopher. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Okane is a basrer. Crafton is a ripteminer. At the museum tour, Okane, Murph, and Crafton connected. Museums are great places to learn about culture. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:59
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Stanko is a chopher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Brunetti is a stafker. Bottom is an oterer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Stanko, Bottom, and Brunetti came across each other at the french class. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:60
Krohn is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Walczak is a stafker. Zeiger is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Zeiger, Walczak, and Krohn came across each other at the museum tour. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:61
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kuehne is a stafker. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Dingman is a wairer. Segars is a basrer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Dingman, Segars, and Kuehne connected at the street fair. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:62
Abramson is an ointer. Dumond is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Maloney is a stafker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the theater festival, Dumond, Abramson, and Maloney connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:63
Kovarik is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Allender is an agovember. Delangel is a mornisdeiver. At the group vacation, Allender, Delangel, and Kovarik ran into each other. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:64
Santacruz is a ceeper. Salisbury is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gerardi is a musorder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the car show, Salisbury, Santacruz, and Gerardi ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:65
Southerland is a turter. Cressman is an intensier. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bartlett is a senficer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the high intensity class, Southerland, Cressman, and Bartlett connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:66
Heng is a senficer. Meagher is an enager. Dunnam is a chopher. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the volunteer work, Meagher, Dunnam, and Heng met. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:67
Heintz is an ointer. Swindler is an agovember. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Stocks is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Swindler, Heintz, and Stocks came across each other at the book store. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:68
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ryans is an agovember. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Falls is a wairer. Sipes is a basrer. At the retreat, Ryans, Sipes, and Falls ran into each other. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:69
Lecuyer is a senficer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Delmonte is an ointer. Oliveira is a musorder. At the school reunion, Oliveira, Lecuyer, and Delmonte connected. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:70
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lawhorn is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Stiltner is an ointer. Galaviz is an agovember. At the food and drink festival, Galaviz, Lawhorn, and Stiltner connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:71
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Ladner is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Dimitrov is an agovember. Duong is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Duong, Dimitrov, and Ladner came across each other at the museum. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:72
Starcher is a basrer. Haston is a stafker. Houseman is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the business expo, Haston, Starcher, and Houseman ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:73
Macke is an agovember. Shire is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Egger is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the music and art festival, Shire, Macke, and Egger met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:74
Soler is an oterer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Finnell is an agovember. Roseman is a turter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Roseman, Soler, and Finnell came across each other at the school reunion. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:75
Wyant is a popesmer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Everhart is a stafker. Schlenker is a gladiower. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the theme park, Schlenker, Everhart, and Wyant ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. Ey reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:76
Newberg is an ointer. Fey is a stafker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Shrewsbury is a mornisdeiver. At the crossfit class, Fey, Newberg, and Shrewsbury ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:77
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Bielecki is a motaswer. Mast is a turter. Seiber is an agovember. Mast, Bielecki, and Seiber came across each other at the open gallery museum. Museums are great places to learn about culture. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:78
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Armistead is an ointer. Loftin is a gladiower. Swider is a mamser. Loftin, Armistead, and Swider came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:79
Fleischmann is an oterer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Manzella is a wairer. Pavlik is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the wine tasting, Pavlik, Fleischmann, and Manzella met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:80
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Turpin is an enager. Gossett is a mamser. Mandeville is a bareer. Gossett, Turpin, and Mandeville came across each other at the comic book expo. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:81
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Belknap is a chopher. Swinson is a popesmer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Wert is a ceeper. At the museum tour, Belknap, Wert, and Swinson ran into each other. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:82
Docherty is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Raber is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Arreguin is a mamser. At the theater festival, Arreguin, Docherty, and Raber ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:83
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Coombs is an enager. Markley is an agovember. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Weinberg is a musorder. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the open mic night, Weinberg, Markley, and Coombs connected. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:84
Schroder is an oterer. Mcentee is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bartsch is an ointer. Bartsch, Schroder, and Mcentee connected at the commuter bus. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:85
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Hedger is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Crutchfield is an enager. Bengtson is a mamser. At the museum tour, Hedger, Crutchfield, and Bengtson ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:86
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Hopson is an agovember. Champagne is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Kerner is a senficer. Hopson, Champagne, and Kerner connected at the retreat. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:87
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Degeorge is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Zanders is a turter. Lile is a ceeper. Degeorge, Zanders, and Lile came across each other at the car show. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:88
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Stanhope is a gladiower. Sotolongo is an ointer. Pattison is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sotolongo, Stanhope, and Pattison came across each other at the high intensity class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:89
Tapper is a senficer. Sommers is an intensier. Prevatt is a mamser. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the open mic night, Prevatt, Tapper, and Sommers ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:90
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sethi is an intensier. Calhoon is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tinkham is an ointer. At the stadium, Calhoon, Tinkham, and Sethi met. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:91
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dattilo is a motaswer. Ramsden is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kuang is a chopher. Ramsden, Kuang, and Dattilo connected at the yoga class. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:92
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Backhaus is a basrer. Byler is a gladiower. Lafave is an ointer. At the museum tour, Byler, Lafave, and Backhaus connected. Museums are great places to learn about culture. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:93
Keeling is a wairer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Boozer is a chopher. Witcher is a bareer. At the wine tasting, Witcher, Boozer, and Keeling ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:94
El is a basrer. Oles is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Licea is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Licea, Oles, and El came across each other at the beer making classes. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:95
Dumais is a turter. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cowden is a musorder. Dipasquale is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the food and drink festival, Dumais, Dipasquale, and Cowden ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:96
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Moats is a mornisdeiver. Windle is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hensel is a motaswer. Hensel, Moats, and Windle connected at the retreat. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:97
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Carini is a mornisdeiver. Choe is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcentire is an agovember. Choe, Mcentire, and Carini came across each other at the crossfit class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:98
Radabaugh is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Costello is a ceeper. Quesada is an intensier. Radabaugh, Quesada, and Costello came across each other at the stadium. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:99
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Christmas is a turter. Zullo is a ripteminer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Judkins is a chopher. Zullo, Judkins, and Christmas connected at the winery tour. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:100
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Reder is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Endres is a gladiower. Geoghegan is a basrer. At the archery class, Endres, Reder, and Geoghegan ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:101
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fink is a chopher. Vrabel is a motaswer. Ducote is a musorder. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Fink, Vrabel, and Ducote ran into each other. A lot of games have many different endings. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:102
Cathey is a popesmer. Alt is a bareer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Ivery is a ceeper. At the retreat, Cathey, Alt, and Ivery met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:103
Galasso is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Domingues is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Funches is a gladiower. Funches, Galasso, and Domingues came across each other at the yoga studio. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:104
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Maine is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Rosell is a chopher. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Acheson is a bareer. At the dance class, Maine, Acheson, and Rosell met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:105
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Pry is an agovember. Perea is a bareer. Sweeney is a turter. Sweeney, Perea, and Pry came across each other at the dance class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:106
Gran is an agovember. Hashimoto is a wairer. Gochenour is a gladiower. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the yoga class, Hashimoto, Gochenour, and Gran ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:107
Buhler is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Glaspie is a mamser. Seto is a mornisdeiver. At the food festival, Buhler, Seto, and Glaspie connected. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:108
Grothe is an intensier. Beecher is a ripteminer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Dyck is a bareer. Dyck, Grothe, and Beecher connected at the comic book expo. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:109
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Hedger is a bareer. Inskeep is an agovember. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Castellanos is an intensier. At the crossfit class, Hedger, Castellanos, and Inskeep ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:110
Setzer is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fullmer is a ripteminer. Graybill is a turter. Setzer, Fullmer, and Graybill connected at the boardwalk arcade. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:111
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Orihuela is a chopher. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Oleary is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Meagher is a bareer. At the open gallery museum, Meagher, Orihuela, and Oleary ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:112
Ratcliff is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cespedes is a motaswer. Gaw is a senficer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the retreat, Cespedes, Gaw, and Ratcliff ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:113
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rauda is an enager. Soliz is a motaswer. Coles is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the stadium, Rauda, Soliz, and Coles met. The games are a lot of fun. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:114
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Kot is an ointer. Heise is a turter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bravo is a motaswer. Heise, Bravo, and Kot connected at the group vacation. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:115
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Markarian is an enager. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Yohn is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Crutchfield is an ointer. At the theme park, Crutchfield, Yohn, and Markarian connected. The park site for more information about the location. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:116
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Vest is a ceeper. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Corl is an enager. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kittinger is a wairer. At the wine tasting, Kittinger, Vest, and Corl ran into each other. It is a cool place to hang out. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:117
Lecroy is a senficer. Mcgrane is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Talavera is a stafker. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the group vacation, Lecroy, Talavera, and Mcgrane met. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:118
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Testa is a musorder. Brand is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Scarbrough is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Scarbrough, Brand, and Testa connected at the stadium. The games are a lot of fun. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:119
Haigh is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Barrick is a stafker. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Storch is a musorder. At the stadium, Haigh, Barrick, and Storch met. There is plenty of food to eat here. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:120
Labrecque is a wairer. Ransdell is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Corby is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ransdell, Corby, and Labrecque came across each other at the wine tasting. The atmosphere was nice. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:121
Horan is a ceeper. Corman is an enager. Stallman is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the car show, Stallman, Corman, and Horan met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:122
Kowalski is an agovember. Stefanik is a gladiower. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Dickman is a senficer. At the winery tour, Kowalski, Dickman, and Stefanik connected. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:123
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Engram is a basrer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Etchison is an ointer. Gash is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the archery class, Gash, Engram, and Etchison ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:124
Dileo is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Hooks is a musorder. Berman is a senficer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Berman, Dileo, and Hooks came across each other at the comic book expo. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:125
Ragland is a basrer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hutsell is a wairer. Litke is a stafker. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Ragland, Hutsell, and Litke came across each other at the book store. There are ways to find the great websites out there. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:126
Kahler is a chopher. Corning is an oterer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Holbrook is a wairer. At the music and art festival, Corning, Kahler, and Holbrook met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:127
Velazquez is a senficer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Yohn is a bareer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Antuna is a ceeper. At the theme park, Velazquez, Yohn, and Antuna connected. The park is very green and refreshing. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:128
El is an agovember. Kamin is a chopher. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Sanderlin is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the crossfit class, Kamin, El, and Sanderlin met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:129
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Drane is a popesmer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Ke is an ointer. Upchurch is a basrer. At the specialty retail store, Drane, Ke, and Upchurch met. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:130
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dahlin is an oterer. Cull is a wairer. Mellen is a mamser. At the museum tour, Cull, Dahlin, and Mellen ran into each other. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:131
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Albrecht is a popesmer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Seamon is a bareer. Dass is a turter. At the boardwalk arcade, Seamon, Albrecht, and Dass ran into each other. There are some good options for food too. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:132
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Seal is an ointer. Mckean is a motaswer. Fallin is an enager. Seal, Fallin, and Mckean came across each other at the beer making classes. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:133
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Sego is a musorder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Pride is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Defoe is a gladiower. Pride, Sego, and Defoe connected at the comic book expo. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:134
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Rawlins is a turter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Boren is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Melero is an oterer. Rawlins, Melero, and Boren came across each other at the theater festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:135
Blackburn is a mornisdeiver. Beltre is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Reinecke is a stafker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the high intensity class, Reinecke, Blackburn, and Beltre ran into each other. This class has amazing outcomes. They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:136
Veras is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Barrier is a chopher. Glasco is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Barrier, Veras, and Glasco connected at the french class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:137
Harter is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Calvert is a stafker. Marten is a senficer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the charity car wash, Harter, Calvert, and Marten ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:138
Meekins is a chopher. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Valle is a ripteminer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Pearman is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the local reading, Meekins, Valle, and Pearman connected. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:139
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Bott is a musorder. Hibbler is a wairer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Vrabel is a mamser. At the school reunion, Vrabel, Bott, and Hibbler connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:140
Hird is a senficer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Tedesco is a basrer. Swindell is a mornisdeiver. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the volunteer work, Hird, Tedesco, and Swindell ran into each other. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:141
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mccullar is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rohe is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bergeron is a bareer. Bergeron, Rohe, and Mccullar came across each other at the food festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:142
Taormina is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hempel is an ointer. Westphal is a ceeper. At the boardwalk arcade, Westphal, Hempel, and Taormina connected. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:143
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcgary is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Baltimore is a mornisdeiver. Persinger is an ointer. At the theater festival, Mcgary, Baltimore, and Persinger met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:144
Tiedemann is an enager. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Som is a bareer. Pritchard is a musorder. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Som, Pritchard, and Tiedemann came across each other at the archery class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:145
Horman is a basrer. Hofman is a ripteminer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Begaye is a musorder. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Horman, Hofman, and Begaye connected at the food and drink festival. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:146
Parmenter is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Wescott is a gladiower. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Schoonover is a mamser. Parmenter, Wescott, and Schoonover connected at the specialty retail store. Markets are usually crowded. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:147
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Bushnell is a mornisdeiver. Bouknight is a wairer. Freer is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the archery class, Bushnell, Bouknight, and Freer ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:148
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Diebold is an enager. Nave is a gladiower. Harkey is a motaswer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Harkey, Diebold, and Nave came across each other at the dance class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:149
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Behrends is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dunnigan is an oterer. Kiehl is a ceeper. Behrends, Kiehl, and Dunnigan came across each other at the commuter bus. Public transports are affordable. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:150
Templeman is an agovember. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Lozier is an intensier. Chmura is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the yoga class, Templeman, Chmura, and Lozier ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:151
Sams is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Asbury is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Clune is an enager. At the yoga studio, Clune, Sams, and Asbury ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:152
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dyer is a stafker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcmurry is an oterer. Tuttle is a musorder. Mcmurry, Tuttle, and Dyer came across each other at the job fair. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:153
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Corman is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Gaona is an intensier. Gerstein is a popesmer. At the yoga studio, Corman, Gaona, and Gerstein met. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:154
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Yard is a musorder. Cutting is a senficer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Annunziata is a gladiower. At the crossfit class, Annunziata, Cutting, and Yard connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:155
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Trombley is a ripteminer. Balla is an oterer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schuler is a popesmer. At the theme park, Trombley, Balla, and Schuler met. The park has a lot of gardens. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:156
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Knorr is a musorder. Millward is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Bogard is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the comic book expo, Knorr, Bogard, and Millward ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:157
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Szczepanski is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bellinger is an ointer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bartels is a ripteminer. At the group vacation, Bartels, Bellinger, and Szczepanski connected. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:158
Trueblood is an intensier. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Chmura is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Panganiban is a popesmer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Panganiban, Chmura, and Trueblood connected at the food and drink festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:159
Collura is a popesmer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bartee is an ointer. Hackbarth is a chopher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the charity car wash, Hackbarth, Bartee, and Collura ran into each other. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:160
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Klink is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Brugger is a wairer. Hayman is an ointer. Brugger, Hayman, and Klink connected at the open gallery museum. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:161
Malinowski is a stafker. Toles is a bareer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Staley is a popesmer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the theater festival, Staley, Toles, and Malinowski connected. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:162
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Siguenza is an intensier. Throop is a musorder. Gross is a stafker. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the crossfit class, Siguenza, Throop, and Gross met. The class is fun! She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:163
Tung is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Swartz is a senficer. Mascarenas is an intensier. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the museum tour, Mascarenas, Tung, and Swartz ran into each other. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:164
Concannon is a stafker. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Kos is a chopher. Corby is an agovember. Kos, Concannon, and Corby connected at the museum tour. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:165
Berman is a gladiower. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lopezgarcia is a bareer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Konopka is a popesmer. Berman, Konopka, and Lopezgarcia came across each other at the volunteer work. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:166
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Steinbach is a motaswer. Copes is a senficer. Ndiaye is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the comic book expo, Steinbach, Copes, and Ndiaye ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:167
Plum is a stafker. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Triggs is a gladiower. Gilmour is a ripteminer. Gilmour, Plum, and Triggs connected at the yoga studio. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:168
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Cookson is an agovember. Reynaga is a wairer. Mahurin is a senficer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the theater festival, Cookson, Reynaga, and Mahurin ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:169
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Reding is a ripteminer. Brito is a mornisdeiver. Corriveau is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the community service day event, Reding, Brito, and Corriveau connected. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:170
Obert is an agovember. Shealy is a ceeper. Mcburney is a chopher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Shealy, Obert, and Mcburney connected at the dance class. Each session teaches a different theme. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:171
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bowe is a musorder. Middlebrooks is an oterer. Defeo is a ceeper. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bowe, Defeo, and Middlebrooks connected at the specialty retail store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:172
Knudsen is a musorder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Falbo is an ointer. Croxton is a popesmer. At the group vacation, Falbo, Knudsen, and Croxton met. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:173
Allaire is a mamser. Gaertner is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Koski is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Gaertner, Koski, and Allaire connected at the food festival. The event is free and open to all people. They reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:174
Zook is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Villegas is an ointer. Prill is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Zook, Prill, and Villegas connected at the dance class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:175
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Moodie is an agovember. Heal is a motaswer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Hoch is a popesmer. Moodie, Heal, and Hoch came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. A lot of games have many different endings. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:176
Dahlke is an intensier. Seamon is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brott is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Brott, Seamon, and Dahlke connected at the volunteer work. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:177
Fowlkes is a stafker. Mwangi is a mornisdeiver. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Fidler is a mamser. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the beer making classes, Fowlkes, Mwangi, and Fidler ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:178
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Hardeman is a musorder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Seales is an oterer. Morrow is a chopher. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the stadium, Seales, Morrow, and Hardeman met. The weather is nice for games today. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:179
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hering is an ointer. Gooch is a popesmer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hackney is a gladiower. At the archery class, Hering, Hackney, and Gooch ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:180
Gordan is a mornisdeiver. Steeves is a popesmer. Cortina is a senficer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the archery class, Cortina, Steeves, and Gordan met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:181
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Chretien is an ointer. Kanagy is an oterer. Strobel is a bareer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the open mic night, Chretien, Strobel, and Kanagy connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:182
Downard is an intensier. Henke is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Caggiano is a gladiower. Downard, Caggiano, and Henke connected at the book store. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:183
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Stott is an agovember. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Youmans is a turter. Mendoza is an ointer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the retreat, Stott, Youmans, and Mendoza met. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:184
Weinman is a wairer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Barbosa is a ceeper. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Vicars is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Barbosa, Vicars, and Weinman connected at the community service day event. The service is what all the people have been working to do. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:185
Hohl is a motaswer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Solberg is a stafker. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Freiberg is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hohl, Solberg, and Freiberg came across each other at the job fair. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:186
Simcox is an enager. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Eichner is a mornisdeiver. Markert is a popesmer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the open gallery museum, Eichner, Simcox, and Markert connected. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:187
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Rago is a mamser. Heredia is a bareer. Reeb is a gladiower. At the theater festival, Reeb, Rago, and Heredia met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:188
Hoch is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Yeboah is a wairer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Limbaugh is a mornisdeiver. Limbaugh, Yeboah, and Hoch came across each other at the school reunion. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:189
Cloyd is a mornisdeiver. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Applebee is an enager. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wilt is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the commuter bus, Cloyd, Wilt, and Applebee connected. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:190
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Frailey is a stafker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Rosenfeld is an agovember. Scaggs is a gladiower. At the museum, Scaggs, Rosenfeld, and Frailey connected. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:191
Heckman is a turter. Whorton is a mornisdeiver. Pliego is a mamser. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the stadium, Heckman, Whorton, and Pliego connected. The game can be interesting. They told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:192
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ruvalcaba is a mornisdeiver. Din is a gladiower. Bills is a wairer. Din, Ruvalcaba, and Bills connected at the job fair. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:193
Avitia is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Smotherman is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mcmichael is an ointer. At the school reunion, Smotherman, Avitia, and Mcmichael ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:194
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Munroe is a turter. Yuen is an oterer. Huckabee is a chopher. Yuen, Munroe, and Huckabee came across each other at the commuter bus. Public transports are affordable. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:195
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Steptoe is a gladiower. Lepper is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Madore is a bareer. At the volunteer work, Lepper, Steptoe, and Madore ran into each other. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:196
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Forde is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Streich is a motaswer. Weinman is a basrer. At the local reading, Weinman, Forde, and Streich met. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:197
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Dubuque is an enager. Nissley is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Diggins is a mamser. Diggins, Nissley, and Dubuque connected at the dance class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:198
Hartfield is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lawlor is a mamser. Martucci is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the beer making classes, Martucci, Hartfield, and Lawlor ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:199
Mazzei is a gladiower. Happel is a popesmer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Clack is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the yoga class, Happel, Clack, and Mazzei ran into each other. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:200
Wofford is a basrer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Stanek is an ointer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Difranco is an enager. At the high intensity class, Stanek, Difranco, and Wofford connected. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:201
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stotts is an agovember. Holderman is a basrer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Pauling is an intensier. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Holderman, Pauling, and Stotts came across each other at the retreat. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. They told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:202
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mascarenas is an enager. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mingo is a chopher. Joines is a mamser. At the crossfit class, Joines, Mascarenas, and Mingo met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:203
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ober is a ceeper. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Conn is a mamser. Lomeli is a chopher. Ober, Lomeli, and Conn connected at the specialty retail store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:204
Koss is a basrer. Hilty is a musorder. Bullis is a mornisdeiver. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the food festival, Bullis, Koss, and Hilty ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:205
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bramblett is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ferro is a chopher. Brickey is an ointer. At the high intensity class, Brickey, Bramblett, and Ferro ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:206
Reif is a bareer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Truesdell is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Morelli is a senficer. At the group vacation, Morelli, Truesdell, and Reif connected. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:207
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Requena is a ceeper. Mcneil is an enager. Situ is a turter. At the high intensity class, Mcneil, Requena, and Situ connected. The class has interesting sessions. They told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:208
Mcdole is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Wann is a ceeper. Averill is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity car wash, Averill, Mcdole, and Wann ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:209
Bizzell is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mancha is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Chafin is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Chafin, Mancha, and Bizzell came across each other at the car show. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:210
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Suggs is a ripteminer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Knuth is a popesmer. Galante is an oterer. At the car show, Knuth, Suggs, and Galante connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:211
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Coombs is an ointer. Burruss is a ceeper. Fordyce is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Burruss, Coombs, and Fordyce came across each other at the book store. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:212
Banker is a mamser. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Byerley is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Rehm is a wairer. Banker, Rehm, and Byerley connected at the dance class. It's a huge place! They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:213
Handler is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lemons is a basrer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Mayne is a bareer. Lemons, Handler, and Mayne came across each other at the yoga class. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:214
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Howey is a ceeper. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Watrous is a motaswer. Bostrom is a ripteminer. At the yoga studio, Howey, Bostrom, and Watrous connected. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:215
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Paladino is an enager. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Baskerville is a chopher. Nishimura is a popesmer. Paladino, Nishimura, and Baskerville connected at the yoga class. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:216
Jaimes is a mamser. Junker is a turter. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Phillippi is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Phillippi, Jaimes, and Junker came across each other at the winery tour. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:217
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Kula is a mamser. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Rozanski is a senficer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Clack is an agovember. Rozanski, Kula, and Clack connected at the stadium. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:218
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Testa is an agovember. Crisci is a gladiower. Harney is an ointer. At the retreat, Harney, Crisci, and Testa met. The party is going to be full. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:219
Ackley is a turter. Swindell is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Cavallo is a ceeper. At the museum tour, Ackley, Swindell, and Cavallo met. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:220
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dulin is an intensier. Hauptman is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Neuman is a motaswer. Hauptman, Neuman, and Dulin connected at the crossfit class. The class is extremely motivating. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:221
Coatney is a wairer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Landau is an oterer. Adelman is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Adelman, Coatney, and Landau came across each other at the retreat. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:222
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Eisenberg is a turter. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Ferro is a senficer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Lassen is a stafker. Lassen, Eisenberg, and Ferro came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is a big source of income for many people. They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:223
Higbee is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sigman is a bareer. Pedersen is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the boardwalk arcade, Higbee, Pedersen, and Sigman connected. There is plenty of food to eat here. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:224
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Mackley is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Samford is a motaswer. Berrios is a basrer. At the museum tour, Mackley, Samford, and Berrios met. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:225
Thoma is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Corlew is a wairer. Deshields is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the food festival, Thoma, Deshields, and Corlew met. It is open to the public. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:226
Horstman is a motaswer. Carraway is an oterer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Yeater is a ripteminer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Yeater, Carraway, and Horstman connected at the theme park. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:227
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Tedford is an enager. Muise is a wairer. Gresham is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the volunteer work, Gresham, Muise, and Tedford met. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:228
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hartig is an enager. Armour is a basrer. Margolis is a musorder. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the community service day event, Margolis, Armour, and Hartig ran into each other. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:229
Heuser is an agovember. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Irvine is a mornisdeiver. Flack is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Heuser, Irvine, and Flack connected at the food festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:230
Gladfelter is a stafker. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Saxena is a bareer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Langham is a mamser. At the job fair, Saxena, Gladfelter, and Langham ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:231
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Fonseca is a bareer. Bowlby is a basrer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Pandey is an oterer. At the open mic night, Pandey, Bowlby, and Fonseca connected. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:232
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Olivas is a basrer. Bielecki is a bareer. Mceachern is a ripteminer. Mceachern, Bielecki, and Olivas connected at the theater festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:233
Dancy is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Yager is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Pathak is a popesmer. At the car show, Pathak, Yager, and Dancy ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:234
Mcveigh is an enager. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Toups is a motaswer. Bolanos is a turter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Mcveigh, Bolanos, and Toups connected at the french class. The class is fun! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:235
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Haan is an oterer. Hullinger is a senficer. Tippins is a mornisdeiver. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Tippins, Haan, and Hullinger connected at the wine tasting. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:236
Windle is a mornisdeiver. Fleury is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Burrow is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the dance class, Windle, Fleury, and Burrow ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:237
Leath is a senficer. Shupp is an enager. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Morford is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the yoga studio, Morford, Shupp, and Leath connected. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:238
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Funches is a wairer. Rosenfeld is an ointer. Bernhardt is a basrer. At the yoga class, Rosenfeld, Funches, and Bernhardt met. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:239
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Woolwine is a gladiower. Mizrahi is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Routh is a mamser. At the street fair, Mizrahi, Routh, and Woolwine ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:240
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bible is a mamser. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Redfield is a popesmer. Mayers is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Redfield, Bible, and Mayers came across each other at the theme park. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:241
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Arvizu is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chung is a mornisdeiver. Distefano is a ripteminer. Chung, Arvizu, and Distefano came across each other at the beer making classes. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ze reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:242
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ke is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bolanos is a gladiower. Pan is a senficer. Pan, Ke, and Bolanos came across each other at the museum tour. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:243
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Solano is a ceeper. Byler is an ointer. Zajac is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the museum tour, Byler, Solano, and Zajac met. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:244
Banegas is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Leachman is a mornisdeiver. Torkelson is a ceeper. At the business expo, Leachman, Torkelson, and Banegas ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:245
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dreier is a musorder. Crowder is a motaswer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Defoe is a mamser. At the commuter bus, Crowder, Defoe, and Dreier ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:246
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hiser is an enager. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Steveson is a musorder. Kucharski is a basrer. Kucharski, Steveson, and Hiser came across each other at the community service day event. We have to work together through different platforms. Ze reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:247
Yarger is a wairer. Berthold is a bareer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Hislop is an intensier. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the job fair, Yarger, Hislop, and Berthold connected. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:248
Graziano is a mornisdeiver. Brannigan is a popesmer. Witcher is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the theme park, Witcher, Brannigan, and Graziano met. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:249
Kitchen is a ripteminer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bryner is a motaswer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wilbanks is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bryner, Kitchen, and Wilbanks came across each other at the theater festival. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:250
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bonney is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Goodpaster is an ointer. Stallard is a senficer. At the open mic night, Bonney, Goodpaster, and Stallard connected. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:251
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Ferrero is an intensier. Ing is a chopher. Gatling is a stafker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the comic book expo, Gatling, Ferrero, and Ing ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:252
Borges is a basrer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Polito is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Gadberry is a bareer. Gadberry, Polito, and Borges connected at the crossfit class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:253
Cogar is a musorder. Corbo is a basrer. Edgerly is a mamser. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the wine tasting, Edgerly, Corbo, and Cogar connected. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:254
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Setser is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sheedy is an ointer. Mooney is a bareer. Mooney, Sheedy, and Setser connected at the theater festival. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:255
Htoo is a mamser. Cataldo is a bareer. Watt is a popesmer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the boardwalk arcade, Htoo, Cataldo, and Watt met. There is a lot of space to play games here. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:256
Pilcher is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vangundy is a mamser. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Ahn is a bareer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the beer making classes, Ahn, Vangundy, and Pilcher ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:257
Agee is a musorder. Judkins is a mamser. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Wooton is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the school reunion, Judkins, Agee, and Wooton ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:258
Clevinger is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Cullins is a popesmer. Hanlin is a turter. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the stadium, Clevinger, Cullins, and Hanlin ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:259
Cohn is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Rosenquist is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sherk is a stafker. At the archery class, Cohn, Sherk, and Rosenquist ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:260
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Creel is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Record is a popesmer. Dahlgren is a stafker. Creel, Dahlgren, and Record connected at the wine tasting. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:261
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ecker is a wairer. Tinkham is a ripteminer. Creasey is a bareer. At the volunteer work, Ecker, Tinkham, and Creasey ran into each other. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:262
Huth is a mornisdeiver. Houle is a musorder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Workman is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the french class, Huth, Workman, and Houle ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:263
Fricks is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dickman is a bareer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dass is an ointer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the food and drink festival, Dickman, Dass, and Fricks connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:264
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Bencomo is an enager. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hinojos is a ceeper. Polley is a basrer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Hinojos, Bencomo, and Polley came across each other at the job fair. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:265
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Hupp is an oterer. Plaisance is a stafker. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Shorey is a mamser. Shorey, Hupp, and Plaisance came across each other at the dance class. This class has amazing outcomes. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:266
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Donley is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Twitchell is a ceeper. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Given is a chopher. Given, Twitchell, and Donley came across each other at the food festival. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:267
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Pomales is a stafker. Laxton is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Klos is a gladiower. Laxton, Pomales, and Klos connected at the theater festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:268
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Manly is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Wiegand is a ceeper. Eddings is a bareer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the food and drink festival, Wiegand, Eddings, and Manly connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:269
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Steptoe is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Odonoghue is a wairer. Pouliot is a stafker. Steptoe, Odonoghue, and Pouliot came across each other at the book store. Book clubs help expand social circles. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:270
Little is a turter. Pai is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Boswell is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Boswell, Little, and Pai came across each other at the car show. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:271
Lockley is a stafker. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Hoots is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mcpeak is a senficer. Lockley, Hoots, and Mcpeak connected at the stadium. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:272
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cangelosi is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Kalish is an ointer. Mcnew is a turter. Mcnew, Kalish, and Cangelosi came across each other at the museum tour. This museum and art is what we need more of. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:273
Hutsell is a turter. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gamez is a musorder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Vanderlaan is a ceeper. At the music and art festival, Vanderlaan, Gamez, and Hutsell met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:274
Cashman is a turter. Bunnell is a gladiower. Galvez is a motaswer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the retreat, Bunnell, Cashman, and Galvez met. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:275
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Marmon is an intensier. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Buford is an enager. Chong is a wairer. At the comic book expo, Marmon, Buford, and Chong ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:276
Flock is an intensier. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rosenfeld is an oterer. Deshong is a stafker. At the boardwalk arcade, Deshong, Rosenfeld, and Flock connected. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:277
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Shotwell is a chopher. Fava is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bixler is an intensier. Bixler, Shotwell, and Fava connected at the yoga studio. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:278
Westby is a chopher. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Hesser is a popesmer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mcdaniels is a ripteminer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mcdaniels, Westby, and Hesser came across each other at the theater festival. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:279
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Barker is a stafker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Blea is an enager. Wiegand is a gladiower. At the community service day event, Wiegand, Blea, and Barker met. The community has an open kitchen. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:280
Perlmutter is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Orgeron is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Castellanos is a motaswer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the local reading, Orgeron, Castellanos, and Perlmutter met. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:281
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Fellers is a gladiower. Robinett is an intensier. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gowan is a musorder. Fellers, Robinett, and Gowan came across each other at the retreat. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:282
Longstreth is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Poorman is a basrer. Wooton is a turter. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Longstreth, Wooton, and Poorman connected at the food festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:283
Burley is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gilyard is an ointer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Griffeth is a basrer. Gilyard, Griffeth, and Burley came across each other at the comic book expo. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:284
Works is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Walters is a gladiower. Jorgenson is an enager. Works, Walters, and Jorgenson came across each other at the french class. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:285
Rhinehart is a bareer. Dines is a popesmer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Tuthill is a gladiower. At the food festival, Dines, Tuthill, and Rhinehart met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:286
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Cheung is an ointer. Astudillo is a bareer. Novotny is a mornisdeiver. At the yoga class, Novotny, Astudillo, and Cheung ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:287
Layman is an oterer. Southerland is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Walls is a musorder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Layman, Southerland, and Walls came across each other at the high intensity class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:288
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Tune is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mendenhall is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Jellison is a turter. Tune, Jellison, and Mendenhall connected at the beer making classes. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:289
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Muench is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Deweese is a stafker. Handler is a mornisdeiver. At the yoga studio, Muench, Deweese, and Handler connected. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:290
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Elzey is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Agrawal is a wairer. Jimenes is a senficer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Jimenes, Agrawal, and Elzey came across each other at the restaurant. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:291
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Dooley is a mornisdeiver. Straw is a musorder. Hess is an agovember. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dooley, Straw, and Hess came across each other at the retreat. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:292
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Lomeli is a chopher. Tetrault is an oterer. Aller is an agovember. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Tetrault, Aller, and Lomeli came across each other at the theater festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:293
Schell is an intensier. Lakes is a chopher. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Millikan is a senficer. Schell, Lakes, and Millikan came across each other at the museum. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:294
Blaha is an ointer. Sheaffer is an intensier. Chavira is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Chavira, Sheaffer, and Blaha connected at the commuter bus. Public transports are eco-friendly. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:295
Stambaugh is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Pompey is an intensier. Streeter is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Streeter, Stambaugh, and Pompey connected at the wine tasting. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:296
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bondi is a chopher. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Burstein is a basrer. Branum is a ceeper. Burstein, Bondi, and Branum connected at the boardwalk arcade. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:297
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hershman is a ripteminer. Vilchis is an intensier. Fears is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hershman, Fears, and Vilchis connected at the crossfit class. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:298
Bechtold is a turter. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Mabie is a musorder. Orvis is a ripteminer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mabie, Bechtold, and Orvis came across each other at the archery class. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:299
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Elders is a mamser. Huynh is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Hornberger is an enager. Huynh, Elders, and Hornberger connected at the crossfit class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:300
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Touchet is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Neace is an agovember. Scarberry is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the archery class, Touchet, Scarberry, and Neace ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:301
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hendrickson is a ceeper. Brunell is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Erby is a motaswer. Hendrickson, Brunell, and Erby came across each other at the theater festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:302
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Schlosser is a turter. Brainard is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Ortez is a mamser. At the charity car wash, Ortez, Schlosser, and Brainard met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:303
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bains is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Pye is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Messmer is an oterer. Pye, Bains, and Messmer came across each other at the local reading. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:304
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Beato is a bareer. Polley is a musorder. Goad is a chopher. At the school reunion, Beato, Goad, and Polley connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:305
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Walmsley is a basrer. Pinto is a senficer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Krueger is a motaswer. Krueger, Pinto, and Walmsley came across each other at the car show. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:306
Simonds is a basrer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Stults is a musorder. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Deshotel is an agovember. Deshotel, Stults, and Simonds came across each other at the food and drink festival. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:307
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Grullon is a turter. Karp is an enager. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Mire is a senficer. At the boardwalk arcade, Karp, Grullon, and Mire connected. There are some good options for food too. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:308
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Dandrea is a turter. Blaha is a mamser. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Mehaffey is a gladiower. Blaha, Dandrea, and Mehaffey connected at the restaurant. The coffee cake is quite good. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:309
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Magness is an intensier. Freedman is a bareer. Rushin is a popesmer. Rushin, Magness, and Freedman connected at the crossfit class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:310
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Murph is an oterer. Deems is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Dalzell is a popesmer. Dalzell, Murph, and Deems connected at the job fair. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:311
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Ecker is a stafker. Martz is a mamser. Coldwell is a turter. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Ecker, Coldwell, and Martz came across each other at the comic book expo. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:312
Jarreau is a bareer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mungia is an enager. Wyant is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Wyant, Jarreau, and Mungia connected at the group vacation. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:313
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mitten is an agovember. Gossage is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Radabaugh is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the museum tour, Gossage, Radabaugh, and Mitten ran into each other. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:314
Borges is a wairer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Persinger is a stafker. Sanon is an enager. At the stadium, Persinger, Sanon, and Borges connected. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. They reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:315
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bryner is a popesmer. Beato is an agovember. Runkle is an intensier. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the open mic night, Beato, Runkle, and Bryner ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:316
Judkins is a basrer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Hertel is a turter. Filson is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the yoga class, Hertel, Filson, and Judkins ran into each other. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. Ze reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:317
Hopewell is an oterer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Catanzaro is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Moring is an enager. At the business expo, Moring, Catanzaro, and Hopewell ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:318
Bankhead is an intensier. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wacker is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gobble is an enager. At the open mic night, Gobble, Wacker, and Bankhead met. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:319
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Rumph is a motaswer. Larabee is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ullman is a stafker. At the job fair, Rumph, Larabee, and Ullman met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. Ze reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:320
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Miraglia is a turter. Meola is a stafker. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Tritt is an ointer. At the comic book expo, Miraglia, Meola, and Tritt met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:321
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Tuller is a ceeper. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Gilland is a gladiower. Dubuque is a popesmer. At the open gallery museum, Dubuque, Tuller, and Gilland connected. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:322
Girton is a chopher. Prout is a basrer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bosworth is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Girton, Prout, and Bosworth came across each other at the specialty retail store. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:323
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Pfister is an oterer. Wisniewski is a ripteminer. Ranck is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the comic book expo, Ranck, Wisniewski, and Pfister connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:324
Losee is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Speck is a wairer. Brito is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the open mic night, Brito, Losee, and Speck connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:325
Ardis is a turter. Rupe is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Vanhook is an intensier. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the dance class, Vanhook, Ardis, and Rupe ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:326
Gander is an enager. Resendiz is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Dorner is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Gander, Resendiz, and Dorner connected at the specialty retail store. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:327
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cordray is a chopher. Siguenza is a musorder. Barfield is a stafker. Cordray, Siguenza, and Barfield connected at the commuter bus. The public transports are public. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:328
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bozek is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cosby is a ripteminer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Arreguin is a motaswer. Arreguin, Bozek, and Cosby came across each other at the charity car wash. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:329
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Delahoussaye is an ointer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Erskine is an intensier. Gadson is an agovember. At the music and art festival, Gadson, Erskine, and Delahoussaye met. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:330
Streit is a motaswer. Hofer is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Leatherman is a mornisdeiver. At the restaurant, Streit, Hofer, and Leatherman connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:331
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sanderlin is a mornisdeiver. Elizarraras is a wairer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Grigsby is a ceeper. At the open gallery museum, Grigsby, Elizarraras, and Sanderlin connected. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:332
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Rago is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Buff is a ceeper. Butt is an intensier. Rago, Butt, and Buff came across each other at the theater festival. It is open to the public. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:333
Albaugh is an enager. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Cottingham is an ointer. Ritenour is a ceeper. At the street fair, Albaugh, Cottingham, and Ritenour ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:334
Templeman is an oterer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lehrer is a wairer. Ouzts is an agovember. Lehrer, Ouzts, and Templeman connected at the commuter bus. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:335
Schoonover is an intensier. Mickle is a bareer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Chaudhry is a ripteminer. At the music and art festival, Mickle, Chaudhry, and Schoonover ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:336
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Silvey is a stafker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Apgar is an agovember. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Donohue is an intensier. At the beer making classes, Silvey, Donohue, and Apgar ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:337
Tiburcio is an oterer. Corriveau is a senficer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Bittinger is a stafker. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Tiburcio, Bittinger, and Corriveau came across each other at the book store. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:338
Knaus is a gladiower. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Loggins is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Linthicum is a chopher. Loggins, Linthicum, and Knaus came across each other at the comic book expo. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ey reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:339
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Westphal is a wairer. Rugg is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Mcaleer is a musorder. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Rugg, Mcaleer, and Westphal came across each other at the open mic night. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:340
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Silvis is a ripteminer. Rhinehart is a senficer. Caywood is a motaswer. Caywood, Silvis, and Rhinehart connected at the car show. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:341
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Gathright is a musorder. Batton is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Saldivar is a ceeper. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Batton, Gathright, and Saldivar connected at the high intensity class. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:342
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bonn is a basrer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mccurry is a senficer. Tupper is a mamser. At the business expo, Mccurry, Bonn, and Tupper ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:343
Chaput is a motaswer. Scherr is a ripteminer. Cotten is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the job fair, Chaput, Scherr, and Cotten met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:344
Raber is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mosquera is a mornisdeiver. Gravatt is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the yoga studio, Raber, Mosquera, and Gravatt connected. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:345
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Banh is a stafker. Homa is a chopher. Zick is a musorder. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Homa, Zick, and Banh came across each other at the book store. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:346
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Prim is a mornisdeiver. Metzger is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Reynaga is a ripteminer. At the commuter bus, Reynaga, Prim, and Metzger met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:347
Mehaffey is a basrer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hu is an intensier. Pilla is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mehaffey, Pilla, and Hu came across each other at the theater festival. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:348
Gabel is a musorder. Lietz is an intensier. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Carte is an agovember. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gabel, Lietz, and Carte came across each other at the charity car wash. It is open to the public. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:349
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Chestnut is a ceeper. Bowe is a ripteminer. Litchfield is a chopher. At the museum tour, Chestnut, Litchfield, and Bowe connected. Museums are definitely not boring! She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:350
Sowders is a popesmer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lumpkin is a wairer. Cullins is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the business expo, Cullins, Lumpkin, and Sowders connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:351
Ramseur is a wairer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Gowdy is a bareer. Ochoa is a senficer. At the wine tasting, Ramseur, Ochoa, and Gowdy met. The coffee tea is great. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:352
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Shaner is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Gailey is a bareer. Defoe is a mamser. Defoe, Gailey, and Shaner connected at the theme park. The picnic line is very short in this park. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:353
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Paschke is a mornisdeiver. Alvares is a ceeper. Miramontes is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Paschke, Miramontes, and Alvares connected at the food festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:354
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Winsor is a popesmer. Strozier is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kopp is an oterer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the open mic night, Kopp, Strozier, and Winsor connected. The event is free and open to all people. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:355
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bridges is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Zabel is an intensier. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Stansbury is a basrer. At the comic book expo, Stansbury, Bridges, and Zabel met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:356
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Messick is a bareer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bevans is a musorder. Galicia is a mornisdeiver. At the comic book expo, Galicia, Messick, and Bevans met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:357
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Dalzell is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ferrero is a mamser. Toro is a ceeper. At the street fair, Dalzell, Toro, and Ferrero met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:358
Burchett is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Willing is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Shubert is a mamser. At the french class, Burchett, Shubert, and Willing ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:359
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Garduno is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Abate is a popesmer. Borba is a bareer. At the open gallery museum, Abate, Garduno, and Borba met. Museums have free exhibitions. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:360
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Beacham is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dauzat is a motaswer. Lakey is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dauzat, Beacham, and Lakey came across each other at the book store. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. Ey reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:361
Manke is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Deguzman is an oterer. Tompkins is a turter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the beer making classes, Deguzman, Tompkins, and Manke ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:362
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Moodie is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Rosier is a basrer. Feller is a turter. Rosier, Feller, and Moodie connected at the winery tour. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:363
Touchet is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Watters is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Renwick is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the comic book expo, Touchet, Renwick, and Watters met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:364
Westhoff is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wolfer is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ducote is a mamser. At the wine tasting, Westhoff, Wolfer, and Ducote connected. The atmosphere was nice. Ey reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:365
Prather is an oterer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Bye is an agovember. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Azam is a ripteminer. Prather, Azam, and Bye connected at the high intensity class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:366
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Trombly is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Petit is an enager. Jasso is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Jasso, Trombly, and Petit came across each other at the comic book expo. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:367
Gain is a popesmer. Fleishman is a stafker. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Hardcastle is a senficer. At the open mic night, Fleishman, Hardcastle, and Gain connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:368
Cedano is a chopher. Obert is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Laury is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Obert, Cedano, and Laury connected at the retreat. The party is going to be full. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:369
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Fountain is a turter. Buse is a wairer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Farber is a basrer. Fountain, Buse, and Farber came across each other at the retreat. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:370
Hurwitz is a senficer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Glasscock is a turter. Kees is a ceeper. At the charity car wash, Kees, Glasscock, and Hurwitz connected. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:371
Roe is a basrer. Lafever is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lopezperez is a ceeper. Roe, Lopezperez, and Lafever came across each other at the beer making classes. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:372
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Calvillo is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Nissley is a gladiower. Bazan is an oterer. At the restaurant, Nissley, Calvillo, and Bazan ran into each other. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:373
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Huang is an ointer. Coria is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Harkness is an agovember. At the comic book expo, Huang, Coria, and Harkness ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:374
Duty is an enager. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Freed is a stafker. Summitt is a motaswer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the museum tour, Duty, Summitt, and Freed ran into each other. Museums have free exhibitions. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:375
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Hurwitz is a stafker. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Peeler is a basrer. Wiesner is a bareer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the high intensity class, Wiesner, Hurwitz, and Peeler met. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:376
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Eskridge is a stafker. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Crosswhite is a basrer. Yorke is a ripteminer. At the theme park, Crosswhite, Eskridge, and Yorke connected. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:377
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Berggren is an agovember. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Bridwell is a chopher. Tune is a turter. At the food festival, Bridwell, Tune, and Berggren ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:378
Stott is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Fullen is a chopher. Balogh is a turter. Stott, Fullen, and Balogh came across each other at the food and drink festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:379
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bouffard is a ripteminer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Moreno is an ointer. Terpstra is a chopher. At the theme park, Bouffard, Terpstra, and Moreno ran into each other. The dogs here are lovely. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:380
Gillispie is an agovember. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Bui is a ceeper. Weymouth is an intensier. At the theme park, Weymouth, Bui, and Gillispie met. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:381
Ji is a turter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Brunt is a gladiower. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Faller is a basrer. At the group vacation, Faller, Brunt, and Ji met. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:382
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Beer is a gladiower. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Moncrief is a stafker. Pinales is a mamser. At the dance class, Moncrief, Pinales, and Beer met. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:383
Rollo is a stafker. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Friedman is a wairer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Boner is a basrer. Friedman, Boner, and Rollo connected at the charity car wash. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:384
Ulloa is a chopher. Batty is an oterer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Halbrook is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the food and drink festival, Halbrook, Ulloa, and Batty met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:385
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Warlick is a mamser. Carriere is a wairer. Gephart is an intensier. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Carriere, Gephart, and Warlick connected at the theme park. There are different varieties of plants here! He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:386
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Rowe is a musorder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gallimore is a mornisdeiver. Pettway is an oterer. Rowe, Pettway, and Gallimore connected at the open mic night. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:387
Piotrowski is a wairer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Jasso is a mornisdeiver. Confer is a senficer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the car show, Jasso, Confer, and Piotrowski connected. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:388
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hinson is an oterer. Shen is a mornisdeiver. Lamas is a wairer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food and drink festival, Shen, Hinson, and Lamas met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:389
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Plasencia is an oterer. Tutt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schulte is a bareer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Schulte, Tutt, and Plasencia connected. There is plenty of food to eat here. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:390
Goudreau is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gantz is an agovember. Laxton is an oterer. Gantz, Goudreau, and Laxton came across each other at the book store. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:391
Mix is an agovember. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ritz is an enager. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Armbruster is an intensier. At the yoga studio, Mix, Armbruster, and Ritz met. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:392
Boothe is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Auman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Paramo is a ripteminer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Boothe, Auman, and Paramo connected at the community service day event. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:393
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Newberg is an intensier. Kelemen is a chopher. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lowrey is a ripteminer. Newberg, Kelemen, and Lowrey came across each other at the community service day event. It is important to work together. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:394
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Koss is a wairer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Fitzgibbon is a senficer. Fish is an ointer. Koss, Fish, and Fitzgibbon came across each other at the archery class. Each session teaches a different theme. They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:395
Mceachin is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Zeledon is an agovember. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Philyaw is a popesmer. At the wine tasting, Zeledon, Mceachin, and Philyaw ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:396
Stork is an agovember. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Rigney is a wairer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Ranney is a popesmer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the volunteer work, Ranney, Stork, and Rigney connected. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:397
Butt is an ointer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Knights is a mamser. Whipkey is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the museum tour, Whipkey, Butt, and Knights connected. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:398
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Arnette is a senficer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Hauser is a chopher. Duong is a musorder. At the commuter bus, Duong, Hauser, and Arnette met. Public transports are eco-friendly. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:399
Chaput is an intensier. Willett is a wairer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Currie is an enager. At the food festival, Currie, Chaput, and Willett ran into each other. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:400
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Acton is a ripteminer. Messina is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Dutcher is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Dutcher, Messina, and Acton connected at the museum tour. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:401
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Fanelli is a wairer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lopezhernandez is a gladiower. Bushnell is a stafker. At the museum tour, Fanelli, Bushnell, and Lopezhernandez met. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:402
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mcnulty is a motaswer. Stang is a musorder. Bruni is a chopher. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the theme park, Bruni, Mcnulty, and Stang met. The trees are very nice for watching birds. Ze told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:403
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lackey is a bareer. Deere is a ceeper. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Devore is a musorder. Devore, Deere, and Lackey came across each other at the dance class. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:404
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Barmore is a ceeper. Straughn is a chopher. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Higham is a ripteminer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Straughn, Barmore, and Higham came across each other at the group vacation. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:405
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Vandyne is a chopher. Bui is an agovember. Pye is a ripteminer. At the museum tour, Bui, Vandyne, and Pye ran into each other. The museum has many ancient things. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:406
Burnham is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gartner is an ointer. Brickhouse is a turter. Gartner, Brickhouse, and Burnham connected at the boardwalk arcade. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:407
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Stockdale is a ceeper. Knutsen is a chopher. Gallimore is a musorder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Stockdale, Gallimore, and Knutsen came across each other at the museum. The museum would be great to come back again and again! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:408
Morphis is an enager. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Xue is a mamser. Richeson is a senficer. Morphis, Richeson, and Xue connected at the wine tasting. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:409
Hazlett is a wairer. Darrow is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Prohaska is a stafker. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Prohaska, Darrow, and Hazlett connected at the french class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:410
Narvaez is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Stallman is a musorder. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Wortham is a basrer. Wortham, Stallman, and Narvaez came across each other at the local reading. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:411
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Dombroski is a wairer. Fauver is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Glantz is a ceeper. At the winery tour, Fauver, Glantz, and Dombroski ran into each other. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:412
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Essig is a chopher. Sanmartin is a mamser. Oxford is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the museum, Essig, Sanmartin, and Oxford met. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:413
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Scheer is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Mcneilly is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Carty is an oterer. Carty, Mcneilly, and Scheer connected at the beer making classes. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:414
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lally is an ointer. Socha is a basrer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hird is a ripteminer. Lally, Socha, and Hird connected at the group vacation. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:415
Towler is a musorder. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Monteiro is a gladiower. Shore is a senficer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the retreat, Monteiro, Towler, and Shore met. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:416
Olds is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Noto is a musorder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hoch is a mornisdeiver. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Olds, Noto, and Hoch connected at the music and art festival. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:417
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Oleson is a motaswer. Dahlgren is a basrer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Ryman is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the car show, Dahlgren, Oleson, and Ryman met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:418
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bogle is a musorder. Velazquez is a motaswer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lippincott is a basrer. Bogle, Lippincott, and Velazquez connected at the local reading. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:419
Klug is a musorder. Rosier is a wairer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hathaway is an agovember. Rosier, Hathaway, and Klug connected at the car show. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:420
Licea is an oterer. Shepardson is an agovember. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Prim is a chopher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the commuter bus, Prim, Licea, and Shepardson ran into each other. Public transports are easy to find. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:421
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Haralson is a ripteminer. Shadrick is a gladiower. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Trombly is a musorder. At the school reunion, Trombly, Haralson, and Shadrick connected. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:422
Ore is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lawhorn is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Tinkham is an agovember. Lawhorn, Tinkham, and Ore came across each other at the winery tour. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. Ze told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:423
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Konieczny is a chopher. Mullin is a ceeper. Fulp is a turter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the job fair, Konieczny, Mullin, and Fulp met. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:424
Ruvalcaba is an intensier. Brannigan is a chopher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcculley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the local reading, Brannigan, Ruvalcaba, and Mcculley ran into each other. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:425
Jablonski is a basrer. Kensinger is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sifuentes is an oterer. Sifuentes, Kensinger, and Jablonski connected at the theater festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:426
Tedesco is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Seale is a wairer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Berthold is a turter. At the museum tour, Tedesco, Berthold, and Seale met. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:427
Desautels is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Navarra is an enager. Duckett is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the book store, Desautels, Duckett, and Navarra ran into each other. There are ways to find the great websites out there. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:428
Sinkler is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Burney is a senficer. Noriega is a wairer. Burney, Sinkler, and Noriega connected at the car show. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:429
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Wagener is a basrer. Murrow is a wairer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Quist is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the crossfit class, Murrow, Quist, and Wagener connected. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:430
Upson is a senficer. Corrao is a motaswer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cozzi is a basrer. At the stadium, Corrao, Upson, and Cozzi connected. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:431
Renteria is a senficer. Mcentee is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lalonde is a mornisdeiver. At the book store, Mcentee, Lalonde, and Renteria met. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:432
Moyer is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Begum is an enager. Erskine is a mamser. At the school reunion, Erskine, Begum, and Moyer ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:433
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Villagrana is a mornisdeiver. Dorantes is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kraft is an enager. Villagrana, Dorantes, and Kraft connected at the charity car wash. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:434
Yeager is an ointer. Ciccone is a turter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Honore is an intensier. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the winery tour, Ciccone, Honore, and Yeager connected. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:435
Yelton is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Veras is an ointer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Reinhart is a basrer. At the dance class, Reinhart, Veras, and Yelton ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:436
Frierson is an enager. Steinbach is a chopher. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Weatherwax is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the community service day event, Frierson, Weatherwax, and Steinbach ran into each other. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:437
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hovey is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tomasello is a wairer. Heckman is an oterer. At the french class, Hovey, Heckman, and Tomasello met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:438
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Jeffries is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Behar is a chopher. Borchert is a ceeper. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the book store, Borchert, Behar, and Jeffries ran into each other. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:439
Hennings is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hembree is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Zerr is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hennings, Zerr, and Hembree connected at the boardwalk arcade. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:440
Crowther is a senficer. Martucci is an intensier. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Owings is a chopher. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the food and drink festival, Crowther, Owings, and Martucci ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:441
Pringle is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Palmateer is a popesmer. Lipson is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the stadium, Pringle, Lipson, and Palmateer ran into each other. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:442
Batz is a wairer. Mcmillian is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Deguzman is a popesmer. Deguzman, Batz, and Mcmillian connected at the winery tour. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:443
Soules is a bareer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Neto is an intensier. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Perezperez is a senficer. Perezperez, Neto, and Soules came across each other at the high intensity class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:444
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Vanarsdale is a bareer. Fettig is a stafker. Cisneros is a turter. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the business expo, Vanarsdale, Cisneros, and Fettig ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:445
Castellano is an enager. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Vandenbosch is a bareer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Fuentez is a senficer. At the comic book expo, Castellano, Fuentez, and Vandenbosch ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:446
Looney is a wairer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Inniss is an ointer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Jeon is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Jeon, Looney, and Inniss came across each other at the theater festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:447
Dyck is an enager. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Lintner is a mornisdeiver. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Boney is a popesmer. At the comic book expo, Lintner, Boney, and Dyck met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:448
Drumm is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Weller is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Zaidi is an agovember. Zaidi, Weller, and Drumm came across each other at the winery tour. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:449
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Whigham is a stafker. Straus is a wairer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Landau is a turter. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Straus, Whigham, and Landau came across each other at the school reunion. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:450
Derry is a musorder. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hosley is a ceeper. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fain is a bareer. At the stadium, Fain, Derry, and Hosley ran into each other. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:451
Cousar is a senficer. Foerster is a motaswer. Bigger is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the wine tasting, Cousar, Bigger, and Foerster met. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:452
Mccomb is a chopher. Carreiro is a ceeper. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Manke is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Carreiro, Manke, and Mccomb connected at the music and art festival. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:453
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Akins is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Oliveira is a mamser. Abate is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the yoga class, Akins, Abate, and Oliveira met. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:454
Poore is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Stuck is a ripteminer. Twitty is a mamser. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Stuck, Poore, and Twitty connected at the group vacation. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:455
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bigger is a senficer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Knuth is an intensier. Lipsey is an ointer. At the charity car wash, Lipsey, Knuth, and Bigger met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:456
Nadel is an enager. Strum is a mornisdeiver. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Martins is a turter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Martins, Nadel, and Strum connected at the charity car wash. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:457
Rice is an agovember. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Luce is a mornisdeiver. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gaeta is an enager. Luce, Rice, and Gaeta connected at the stadium. There are some good options for food too. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:458
Callanan is an enager. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Snavely is a gladiower. Leong is a wairer. At the car show, Leong, Callanan, and Snavely ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:459
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Willette is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Wimberly is an ointer. Jeansonne is a stafker. Wimberly, Jeansonne, and Willette came across each other at the job fair. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:460
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Newcomer is an agovember. Gremillion is a mamser. Bertucci is a ceeper. At the open mic night, Bertucci, Newcomer, and Gremillion connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:461
Umberger is a popesmer. Hoag is an ointer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Gilcrease is a bareer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the yoga class, Umberger, Hoag, and Gilcrease ran into each other. The class starts with a warm - up session. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:462
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Keil is an enager. Bushey is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cuervo is a popesmer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Cuervo, Keil, and Bushey connected at the school reunion. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:463
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Durocher is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Hague is a ceeper. Sonnier is an agovember. Hague, Sonnier, and Durocher came across each other at the yoga class. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:464
Squires is an agovember. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Quackenbush is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Wise is a ripteminer. At the business expo, Squires, Wise, and Quackenbush connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:465
Scanlon is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Glaser is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Moyes is a popesmer. Glaser, Scanlon, and Moyes connected at the street fair. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:466
Dick is a stafker. Sauder is a popesmer. Lillard is an agovember. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the yoga studio, Lillard, Dick, and Sauder connected. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:467
Vanderveen is a stafker. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Vanvliet is an agovember. Seeman is a wairer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the job fair, Seeman, Vanderveen, and Vanvliet ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:468
Brunet is a bareer. Kok is a popesmer. Matchett is a musorder. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the volunteer work, Matchett, Kok, and Brunet met. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:469
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hires is a mamser. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Work is a turter. Bober is a ripteminer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the theme park, Hires, Bober, and Work ran into each other. The birds are wild and hungry! She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:470
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Stackhouse is a ceeper. Belt is an intensier. Duby is a ripteminer. Duby, Belt, and Stackhouse connected at the volunteer work. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:471
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hildebrandt is a basrer. Saiz is an ointer. Dougan is a ripteminer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the high intensity class, Saiz, Dougan, and Hildebrandt ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:472
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Rainville is a stafker. Armbruster is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Streets is an intensier. Armbruster, Streets, and Rainville connected at the crossfit class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:473
Raposa is a bareer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Petri is a wairer. Roden is a turter. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the theme park, Roden, Raposa, and Petri connected. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:474
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Gathright is a bareer. Binger is a chopher. Casillas is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the group vacation, Binger, Casillas, and Gathright connected. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:475
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Zurek is a ceeper. Lippert is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Novotny is a wairer. At the food festival, Novotny, Zurek, and Lippert met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:476
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lucarelli is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Kelliher is an ointer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Stuck is a bareer. At the commuter bus, Stuck, Kelliher, and Lucarelli met. Public transports are easy to find. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:477
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Drews is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Chamness is a basrer. Renda is a bareer. At the business expo, Chamness, Drews, and Renda ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:478
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Atchley is an enager. Crumbley is a gladiower. Jimenes is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the commuter bus, Atchley, Crumbley, and Jimenes met. Public transports are eco-friendly. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:479
Menke is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Barrientes is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Overly is a ceeper. At the stadium, Barrientes, Menke, and Overly met. The games are a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:480
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Inniss is a musorder. Wiersma is an ointer. Lasko is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Wiersma, Inniss, and Lasko connected at the car show. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:481
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Barrie is a motaswer. Osborn is an agovember. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Xue is an oterer. At the winery tour, Barrie, Osborn, and Xue connected. Tours help one discover the city. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:482
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Defoe is a ceeper. Dimaggio is a wairer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Greeson is a gladiower. At the winery tour, Defoe, Dimaggio, and Greeson connected. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:483
Nuckols is a stafker. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Liska is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Pridemore is a senficer. At the stadium, Nuckols, Liska, and Pridemore connected. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:484
Redfield is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Blaser is a bareer. Hartin is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the beer making classes, Blaser, Redfield, and Hartin connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:485
Cassella is an enager. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Carillo is a bareer. Gilkey is a senficer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the dance class, Cassella, Gilkey, and Carillo connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:486
Class is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Manke is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Westendorf is a senficer. At the stadium, Manke, Westendorf, and Class connected. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:487
Hausmann is a turter. Tuttle is a chopher. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Lieber is a basrer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Tuttle, Lieber, and Hausmann came across each other at the comic book expo. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:488
Oberg is an agovember. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Bramble is a mamser. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Coover is a basrer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Coover, Bramble, and Oberg came across each other at the crossfit class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:489
Ausmus is a stafker. Stinson is a bareer. Mccurry is a ceeper. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Stinson, Ausmus, and Mccurry connected at the group vacation. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:490
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Moscoso is an enager. Mayers is an ointer. Desalvo is a bareer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the comic book expo, Desalvo, Moscoso, and Mayers connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:491
Denicola is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Hasty is an enager. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Desautels is a chopher. At the street fair, Desautels, Denicola, and Hasty connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:492
Dau is a musorder. Dowdy is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Meas is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the crossfit class, Dau, Dowdy, and Meas ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:493
Schoenfeld is a popesmer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Seavey is an agovember. Roseman is a mornisdeiver. Seavey, Schoenfeld, and Roseman connected at the music and art festival. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:494
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rigney is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Vanderburg is a musorder. Rohe is a mornisdeiver. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the group vacation, Vanderburg, Rigney, and Rohe connected. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:495
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Lok is a chopher. Warnick is a mamser. Stocking is a popesmer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Warnick, Stocking, and Lok connected at the comic book expo. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:496
Mcnabb is a basrer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Roehm is a chopher. Faz is an agovember. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Faz, Mcnabb, and Roehm came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:497
Reardon is a basrer. Gottschalk is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Pribble is a stafker. Gottschalk, Pribble, and Reardon came across each other at the comic book expo. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:498
Blumberg is a senficer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Stadler is an enager. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Barbato is an intensier. At the retreat, Stadler, Blumberg, and Barbato met. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:499
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Liddle is a gladiower. Yelverton is an intensier. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Muntz is a senficer. Muntz, Yelverton, and Liddle came across each other at the winery tour. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:500
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Deason is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Zerr is an agovember. Fuchs is an ointer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the comic book expo, Fuchs, Deason, and Zerr ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:501
Erskine is a basrer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Whitehair is a chopher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Oram is a gladiower. At the food and drink festival, Erskine, Oram, and Whitehair connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:502
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Frampton is a basrer. Prather is a ripteminer. Cosio is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Cosio, Frampton, and Prather connected at the theater festival. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:503
Fava is an ointer. Collis is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Little is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fava, Collis, and Little connected at the music and art festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:504
Krueger is an intensier. Bastida is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcalpine is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the theme park, Mcalpine, Krueger, and Bastida ran into each other. The park has a running track. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:505
Meares is a stafker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Pasley is a ceeper. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Nave is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the local reading, Meares, Nave, and Pasley connected. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:506
Hummer is a basrer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ferretti is a ceeper. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Rushin is a mamser. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the group vacation, Rushin, Hummer, and Ferretti met. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:507
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Wimberly is an intensier. Acheson is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Niemann is an enager. At the open gallery museum, Acheson, Niemann, and Wimberly met. Museums are great places to learn about culture. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:508
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Blackstone is a senficer. Kittel is a mornisdeiver. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Norcross is an agovember. At the retreat, Norcross, Blackstone, and Kittel met. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:509
Chretien is a basrer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Ternes is an agovember. Rosenbaum is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the food and drink festival, Chretien, Rosenbaum, and Ternes met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:510
Sandman is a turter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Patil is a gladiower. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Parra is a motaswer. Sandman, Parra, and Patil connected at the street fair. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:511
Abrams is a musorder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mahurin is an ointer. Stuck is a stafker. Mahurin, Abrams, and Stuck connected at the food festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:512
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cobos is a musorder. Fincher is a mamser. Hershman is a mornisdeiver. Fincher, Cobos, and Hershman connected at the car show. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:513
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Sherer is a musorder. Ton is an intensier. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hallam is a stafker. At the car show, Hallam, Sherer, and Ton ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:514
Keesee is a stafker. Concannon is a gladiower. Meaux is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the food and drink festival, Concannon, Meaux, and Keesee ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:515
Kahl is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Manson is a mamser. Tapper is an intensier. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the winery tour, Tapper, Manson, and Kahl ran into each other. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:516
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hoag is a popesmer. Middlebrooks is a stafker. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Kappler is an intensier. Hoag, Kappler, and Middlebrooks connected at the car show. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:517
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gunn is an enager. Cyphers is a stafker. Ammerman is a mornisdeiver. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the commuter bus, Cyphers, Ammerman, and Gunn ran into each other. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:518
Soltis is an agovember. Hashimoto is a stafker. Fizer is a mornisdeiver. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the yoga class, Hashimoto, Soltis, and Fizer ran into each other. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:519
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Pinkerton is a ceeper. Reliford is a bareer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Batton is a popesmer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Reliford, Batton, and Pinkerton connected at the beer making classes. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:520
Dombroski is a chopher. Mingle is a gladiower. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Sabbagh is a basrer. At the wine tasting, Mingle, Sabbagh, and Dombroski ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:521
Keel is a popesmer. Kull is a wairer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Osterberg is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the book store, Keel, Kull, and Osterberg met. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:522
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Visser is a ceeper. Strum is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hoffer is a musorder. Visser, Strum, and Hoffer came across each other at the car show. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:523
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Saine is a stafker. Marcum is a ripteminer. Olguin is a musorder. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Marcum, Olguin, and Saine came across each other at the theater festival. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:524
Kobayashi is an agovember. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Keim is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Labounty is a motaswer. At the food and drink festival, Kobayashi, Labounty, and Keim connected. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:525
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cantor is a mornisdeiver. Mcgahey is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gelb is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the beer making classes, Gelb, Mcgahey, and Cantor ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:526
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Flock is a ceeper. Lotz is a stafker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bourke is a mornisdeiver. Flock, Lotz, and Bourke connected at the food festival. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:527
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Casado is an intensier. Pannell is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Mahon is a ceeper. At the stadium, Pannell, Mahon, and Casado connected. There is a lot of other play places on the map. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:528
Goad is a popesmer. Shapiro is a chopher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Blow is a ceeper. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the french class, Blow, Goad, and Shapiro ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:529
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Elizalde is a mamser. Looney is a ripteminer. Schoenfeld is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the open gallery museum, Elizalde, Looney, and Schoenfeld met. The museum has no such thing as free entry. They reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:530
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Petrosky is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Hitchens is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chaudhry is an agovember. At the volunteer work, Hitchens, Chaudhry, and Petrosky ran into each other. Volunteering brings peace and happiness. Ze reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:531
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Cressman is a turter. Kensinger is a stafker. Wingate is an agovember. At the community service day event, Kensinger, Cressman, and Wingate met. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:532
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Wilk is an enager. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Feltner is a bareer. Sedano is a stafker. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the specialty retail store, Feltner, Sedano, and Wilk ran into each other. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:533
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Sylvain is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lockard is a motaswer. Azam is a stafker. At the open gallery museum, Lockard, Sylvain, and Azam met. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:534
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Tomlin is a mamser. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Moyer is a turter. Ojo is a senficer. At the open gallery museum, Moyer, Ojo, and Tomlin ran into each other. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:535
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fruge is an ointer. Manke is a mornisdeiver. Strode is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the open gallery museum, Strode, Manke, and Fruge ran into each other. The museum would be great to come back again and again! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:536
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Dobbs is a ripteminer. Gathright is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Weinberg is a ceeper. At the street fair, Dobbs, Gathright, and Weinberg ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:537
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Segars is a senficer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Burbach is a basrer. Primm is a wairer. Burbach, Segars, and Primm connected at the volunteer work. Please contact the organization during working hours to discuss the volunteering options. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:538
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Cann is a mornisdeiver. Betancur is an ointer. Robie is an enager. At the yoga studio, Robie, Betancur, and Cann ran into each other. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:539
Beekman is a bareer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Betancourt is a basrer. Burris is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Betancourt, Burris, and Beekman connected at the street fair. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:540
Meltzer is a ceeper. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Vanzant is a wairer. Nyberg is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Nyberg, Vanzant, and Meltzer came across each other at the job fair. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:541
Welling is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Balogh is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Parson is an enager. Parson, Balogh, and Welling connected at the business expo. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:542
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Albanese is an agovember. Simpson is a wairer. Ton is a ceeper. At the school reunion, Simpson, Ton, and Albanese connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:543
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Keesee is a stafker. Kitchen is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Whitehead is an ointer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the boardwalk arcade, Keesee, Kitchen, and Whitehead ran into each other. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:544
Scannell is a turter. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Santizo is a ripteminer. Houghtaling is a basrer. At the open gallery museum, Santizo, Houghtaling, and Scannell met. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:545
Pafford is a stafker. Villagrana is a motaswer. Vandyne is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the comic book expo, Pafford, Vandyne, and Villagrana met. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:546
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Shepler is a mornisdeiver. Stinson is a basrer. Sladek is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the specialty retail store, Shepler, Sladek, and Stinson met. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:547
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nee is a gladiower. Whitehill is a mornisdeiver. Mcgowen is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the charity car wash, Whitehill, Mcgowen, and Nee met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:548
Wittrock is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Begin is a wairer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Shobe is a ceeper. At the boardwalk arcade, Begin, Wittrock, and Shobe ran into each other. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:549
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Woodberry is a chopher. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Nitta is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Umstead is a stafker. Umstead, Nitta, and Woodberry came across each other at the museum tour. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:550
Coker is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Calvert is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wingate is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the food and drink festival, Wingate, Calvert, and Coker ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:551
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Brindley is a popesmer. Eubank is a ceeper. Keeney is a chopher. Eubank, Brindley, and Keeney connected at the dance class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:552
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Evers is a wairer. Gaona is a ripteminer. Mudge is an agovember. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Gaona, Evers, and Mudge connected at the food festival. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:553
Munro is an oterer. Darrow is a turter. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Theis is a ripteminer. At the french class, Theis, Munro, and Darrow ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:554
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mooring is a mamser. Segrest is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Laidlaw is a chopher. At the museum, Laidlaw, Segrest, and Mooring met. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:555
Henriksen is a gladiower. Rizzi is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Nakayama is a ripteminer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the restaurant, Nakayama, Rizzi, and Henriksen ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:556
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Kiss is a chopher. Silvers is a motaswer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Slack is a musorder. At the business expo, Kiss, Silvers, and Slack met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:557
Luck is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Shears is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Vento is an agovember. At the group vacation, Shears, Luck, and Vento ran into each other. Tours help one discover the city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:558
Shiver is an agovember. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Greenspan is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bauman is a ripteminer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the job fair, Shiver, Greenspan, and Bauman connected. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:559
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Garduno is a chopher. Harewood is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Barnwell is a wairer. Garduno, Harewood, and Barnwell came across each other at the school reunion. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:560
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Castellanos is an agovember. Naqvi is an intensier. Rosell is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Rosell, Naqvi, and Castellanos came across each other at the community service day event. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:561
Rappaport is an ointer. Baisden is a bareer. Cuervo is a musorder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Rappaport, Baisden, and Cuervo came across each other at the high intensity class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:562
Tullos is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mickle is a mamser. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Eubanks is a turter. At the community service day event, Eubanks, Tullos, and Mickle met. The community has an open kitchen. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:563
Loflin is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Shurtz is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Liao is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the food festival, Shurtz, Loflin, and Liao ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ey told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:564
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Baumeister is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Melnyk is a wairer. Shire is an agovember. Shire, Melnyk, and Baumeister came across each other at the school reunion. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:565
Blocher is a mamser. Mcveigh is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bergey is a musorder. At the open mic night, Bergey, Mcveigh, and Blocher met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:566
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Buelow is a stafker. Rupe is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cruikshank is a wairer. At the comic book expo, Cruikshank, Buelow, and Rupe ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:567
Contreras is a turter. Sorenson is a mamser. Varga is an intensier. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Contreras, Varga, and Sorenson connected at the yoga studio. A yoga class helps live a happier life. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:568
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Glasscock is a mamser. Vogelsang is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Castner is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Glasscock, Vogelsang, and Castner came across each other at the high intensity class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:569
Stoudt is a mamser. Lower is a senficer. Beekman is a basrer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Stoudt, Lower, and Beekman connected at the theme park. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:570
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Picklesimer is a stafker. Appleby is an oterer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Oleary is a turter. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the crossfit class, Oleary, Picklesimer, and Appleby connected. This class has amazing outcomes. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:571
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Imes is a stafker. Apgar is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Mcelligott is a bareer. Apgar, Imes, and Mcelligott came across each other at the theme park. We have some nice white rabbits here too. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:572
Sackett is an ointer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Wichmann is a wairer. Dolby is a turter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the school reunion, Wichmann, Sackett, and Dolby ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:573
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Mascorro is a basrer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Cookson is a turter. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Brust is a ripteminer. At the volunteer work, Cookson, Mascorro, and Brust met. Volunteering brings peace and happiness. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:574
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Victorino is a mornisdeiver. Renwick is a gladiower. Hackler is an intensier. At the stadium, Renwick, Victorino, and Hackler met. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:575
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Arner is a mamser. Capellan is a wairer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mizrahi is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mizrahi, Arner, and Capellan connected at the museum. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:576
Boxley is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Spiller is an intensier. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Timko is a basrer. Boxley, Spiller, and Timko came across each other at the open mic night. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:577
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sines is a wairer. Moyer is a motaswer. Woodall is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Woodall, Moyer, and Sines came across each other at the stadium. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:578
Hutchins is an oterer. Cho is a musorder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Schiavone is a turter. Hutchins, Schiavone, and Cho came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:579
Martinezlopez is an intensier. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sifuentes is an ointer. Minchew is an enager. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the french class, Minchew, Martinezlopez, and Sifuentes ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:580
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bowling is an ointer. Welty is a mornisdeiver. Desouza is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the school reunion, Desouza, Bowling, and Welty met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:581
Hylton is a turter. Rohm is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Gilliard is a popesmer. Rohm, Hylton, and Gilliard came across each other at the community service day event. The community has an open kitchen. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:582
Richey is a mornisdeiver. Schiffman is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Holliday is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Richey, Holliday, and Schiffman connected at the theater festival. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:583
Pollak is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Endo is an oterer. Castello is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the business expo, Pollak, Castello, and Endo ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:584
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Burrill is a turter. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Towe is a stafker. Guillot is a musorder. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the food festival, Burrill, Towe, and Guillot connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:585
Mershon is a popesmer. Heist is a turter. Mellen is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Heist, Mellen, and Mershon came across each other at the food and drink festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:586
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Foor is a mornisdeiver. Kehl is a ceeper. To is a popesmer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the crossfit class, Foor, Kehl, and To connected. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:587
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Crowther is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Shamburger is a gladiower. Quiroga is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the community service day event, Shamburger, Crowther, and Quiroga connected. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:588
Cortese is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Canfield is a basrer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Meinke is a chopher. Canfield, Cortese, and Meinke came across each other at the car show. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:589
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Wilhoite is a stafker. Timko is a wairer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Scaglione is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Scaglione, Timko, and Wilhoite connected at the french class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:590
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Menzies is an intensier. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Kinnison is a stafker. Carberry is a chopher. Menzies, Kinnison, and Carberry connected at the open gallery museum. Museums are definitely not boring! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:591
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Boyden is a musorder. Soden is a mornisdeiver. Woodard is an agovember. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the food and drink festival, Woodard, Soden, and Boyden met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:592
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Engle is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Trump is a mamser. Bottorff is an oterer. At the high intensity class, Bottorff, Engle, and Trump ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:593
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Piceno is a bareer. Drumm is a motaswer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Aitken is a wairer. At the local reading, Piceno, Drumm, and Aitken ran into each other. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. Ze told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:594
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Palazzo is an intensier. Norcross is a basrer. Benavides is a gladiower. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Palazzo, Benavides, and Norcross connected at the theater festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:595
Schroeter is a wairer. Dorner is a gladiower. Jarreau is a motaswer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Jarreau, Schroeter, and Dorner connected at the specialty retail store. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:596
Frizzell is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Rakestraw is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Eisenhauer is a stafker. Eisenhauer, Frizzell, and Rakestraw connected at the music and art festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:597
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pence is a mornisdeiver. Erskine is a ripteminer. Dube is a mamser. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Pence, Erskine, and Dube connected at the open gallery museum. The museum has many ancient things. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:598
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Lesage is a mamser. Deschenes is a musorder. Kinman is a stafker. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kinman, Deschenes, and Lesage connected at the local reading. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:599
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Milks is a ripteminer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Backhaus is a gladiower. Srivastava is an agovember. At the restaurant, Milks, Backhaus, and Srivastava connected. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:600
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Chavers is a mornisdeiver. Ragland is an agovember. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chestnut is a gladiower. Chavers, Chestnut, and Ragland connected at the business expo. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:601
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Blakeslee is a basrer. Hempel is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Ramachandran is a ceeper. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Blakeslee, Ramachandran, and Hempel came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. The weather is nice for games today. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:602
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Salisbury is a senficer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Broach is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Monette is a ceeper. At the charity car wash, Monette, Broach, and Salisbury met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:603
Fuqua is a mamser. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Litke is an ointer. Schrum is a ripteminer. Litke, Schrum, and Fuqua came across each other at the museum tour. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:604
Moring is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lingerfelt is a senficer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Clontz is a gladiower. At the stadium, Clontz, Lingerfelt, and Moring connected. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:605
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Berggren is a chopher. Bazan is a basrer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Avina is a mornisdeiver. Berggren, Bazan, and Avina connected at the archery class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:606
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Stalder is a motaswer. Pestana is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ginsburg is a mamser. At the open gallery museum, Ginsburg, Pestana, and Stalder ran into each other. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:607
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Fussell is a basrer. Freer is a gladiower. Shortt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Shortt, Freer, and Fussell came across each other at the dance class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:608
Orduna is a wairer. Inniss is a mamser. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hu is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the theater festival, Hu, Inniss, and Orduna ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:609
Magee is a ceeper. Kindig is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Spero is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Spero, Kindig, and Magee connected at the boardwalk arcade. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:610
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Tiedemann is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcglothin is a ceeper. Encarnacion is an agovember. At the group vacation, Encarnacion, Mcglothin, and Tiedemann connected. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:611
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dostal is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Theriot is a basrer. Seales is a musorder. Theriot, Seales, and Dostal connected at the book store. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:612
Milliron is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wann is a wairer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Feehan is a stafker. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the charity car wash, Feehan, Milliron, and Wann connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:613
Delucia is a gladiower. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mayers is a wairer. Dennehy is a ripteminer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Dennehy, Delucia, and Mayers came across each other at the yoga class. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:614
Byard is a basrer. Tortora is a ripteminer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Quinteros is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the business expo, Tortora, Quinteros, and Byard ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:615
Corriveau is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sasse is a mamser. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Jahnke is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Jahnke, Sasse, and Corriveau came across each other at the open mic night. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:616
Seto is a senficer. Metcalfe is a motaswer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Gagner is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Metcalfe, Seto, and Gagner connected at the charity car wash. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:617
Corrales is an intensier. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Wimbley is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mcgahey is a senficer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wimbley, Corrales, and Mcgahey came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:618
Chapin is an ointer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Brasel is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rondeau is an enager. At the comic book expo, Brasel, Chapin, and Rondeau met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:619
Gause is a stafker. Salyers is a senficer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Robillard is a popesmer. At the street fair, Salyers, Gause, and Robillard ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:620
Barbato is a basrer. Schillinger is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Barrick is an oterer. Barbato, Barrick, and Schillinger connected at the museum. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:621
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cabrera is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lahti is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Stansbury is a turter. At the food and drink festival, Cabrera, Lahti, and Stansbury ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. They told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:622
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Sowinski is a mornisdeiver. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Lamm is a bareer. Braud is a popesmer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the car show, Braud, Sowinski, and Lamm ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:623
Stahl is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Bruton is a ceeper. Grimm is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the business expo, Bruton, Grimm, and Stahl ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ey told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:624
Batt is a gladiower. Hausmann is a mamser. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Beall is a basrer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the french class, Hausmann, Batt, and Beall met. The classes usually begin before work. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:625
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Muise is a mornisdeiver. Clampitt is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Roache is a mamser. Clampitt, Muise, and Roache came across each other at the winery tour. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:626
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Kloster is a motaswer. Gehringer is an oterer. Ruffino is a turter. Ruffino, Kloster, and Gehringer connected at the music and art festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:627
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Estevez is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sereno is a mamser. Largo is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Sereno, Estevez, and Largo came across each other at the food and drink festival. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:628
Xue is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Tarantino is a mornisdeiver. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Pompey is a senficer. At the yoga studio, Tarantino, Xue, and Pompey met. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:629
Meunier is a senficer. Mccardle is a mamser. Desousa is a gladiower. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the comic book expo, Mccardle, Desousa, and Meunier ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:630
Victorino is a senficer. Allender is a gladiower. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Kerstetter is a popesmer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the comic book expo, Victorino, Kerstetter, and Allender connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:631
Cahill is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Strine is a bareer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Montero is a mornisdeiver. Montero, Cahill, and Strine came across each other at the local reading. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:632
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Grisby is a gladiower. Eilers is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Fleishman is a ceeper. At the archery class, Grisby, Eilers, and Fleishman met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:633
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cowden is an oterer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Peasley is a mornisdeiver. Ladue is an enager. At the commuter bus, Cowden, Ladue, and Peasley connected. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:634
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cassella is a motaswer. Lietz is a popesmer. Glaspie is a gladiower. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the yoga studio, Lietz, Glaspie, and Cassella connected. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:635
Belfiore is an agovember. Taulbee is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Konopka is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the local reading, Belfiore, Konopka, and Taulbee met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. They told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:636
Berard is a ripteminer. Schulz is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Saulsbury is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Berard, Saulsbury, and Schulz came across each other at the car show. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:637
Rosenfeld is a chopher. Burley is an enager. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Hinnant is an intensier. Burley, Hinnant, and Rosenfeld came across each other at the school reunion. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:638
Gatti is a basrer. Pasco is a popesmer. Viers is an oterer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Viers, Gatti, and Pasco connected at the business expo. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:639
Liska is an enager. Labadie is an ointer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Wroblewski is an intensier. Labadie, Wroblewski, and Liska connected at the comic book expo. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:640
Wortham is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mui is a mamser. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Angulo is a bareer. At the volunteer work, Angulo, Mui, and Wortham met. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:641
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fallin is a mornisdeiver. Caplinger is a ripteminer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Cribb is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Cribb, Caplinger, and Fallin connected at the wine tasting. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:642
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kennington is a gladiower. Mcgough is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kershner is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the museum tour, Kershner, Mcgough, and Kennington met. Museums are definitely not boring! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:643
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kuchta is a musorder. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mosser is a mamser. Ziemba is a chopher. At the food festival, Ziemba, Mosser, and Kuchta connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:644
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Richey is a gladiower. Schram is an agovember. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Pavlick is a chopher. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the school reunion, Richey, Schram, and Pavlick met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:645
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Horman is a turter. Esters is an agovember. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Warburton is a mornisdeiver. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the winery tour, Warburton, Horman, and Esters ran into each other. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:646
Besser is a gladiower. Faison is a basrer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Draeger is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the volunteer work, Draeger, Besser, and Faison ran into each other. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:647
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Heng is an intensier. Whitehead is a bareer. Poyner is a mamser. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Whitehead, Heng, and Poyner connected at the business expo. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:648
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kovarik is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sing is an oterer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hildebrandt is a basrer. At the restaurant, Kovarik, Sing, and Hildebrandt met. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:649
Kleiner is a motaswer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Reveles is a popesmer. Shunk is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the museum tour, Kleiner, Reveles, and Shunk ran into each other. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:650
Carraway is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Kress is a ripteminer. Lower is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Lower, Kress, and Carraway connected at the music and art festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:651
Kinnison is a basrer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kuhns is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Soucie is a ceeper. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the museum tour, Kinnison, Soucie, and Kuhns ran into each other. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:652
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Riddell is an oterer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Borntrager is a wairer. Lehner is an agovember. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Riddell, Borntrager, and Lehner connected at the yoga studio. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:653
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hasty is a chopher. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dalessio is a musorder. Acord is a wairer. Dalessio, Hasty, and Acord connected at the book store. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:654
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Holguin is a basrer. Hug is a stafker. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Leahy is a turter. At the community service day event, Leahy, Hug, and Holguin connected. The community has an open kitchen. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:655
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Steiner is an ointer. Giddings is a ripteminer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bouchard is a popesmer. Steiner, Giddings, and Bouchard connected at the business expo. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:656
Palacio is a gladiower. Ludlow is a popesmer. Huls is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Huls, Ludlow, and Palacio came across each other at the restaurant. It is a cool place to hang out. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:657
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Wadsworth is a basrer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Spurlock is a stafker. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Mooney is a gladiower. At the yoga class, Spurlock, Mooney, and Wadsworth connected. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:658
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Legrand is a gladiower. Atwood is a ceeper. Taulbee is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the museum tour, Legrand, Atwood, and Taulbee met. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:659
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Nale is a chopher. Banh is a bareer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Dew is a musorder. Dew, Banh, and Nale connected at the retreat. The party is going to be full. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:660
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Connally is a ripteminer. Lemmons is a mornisdeiver. Volkert is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Volkert, Lemmons, and Connally connected at the open mic night. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:661
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Nester is a basrer. Cyphers is a mornisdeiver. Mcdougall is a turter. At the museum, Nester, Mcdougall, and Cyphers ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:662
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Bertucci is an intensier. Salsbury is a stafker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wickersham is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the high intensity class, Salsbury, Bertucci, and Wickersham met. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:663
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Costales is a musorder. Hertzog is a senficer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Peeler is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the wine tasting, Peeler, Costales, and Hertzog met. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:664
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Egger is a musorder. Wasserman is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Fleishman is an intensier. At the comic book expo, Fleishman, Egger, and Wasserman connected. A large number of people attend these events. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:665
Summa is a ripteminer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Carballo is a bareer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Chaffee is a mamser. Chaffee, Summa, and Carballo came across each other at the yoga studio. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:666
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Spriggs is a basrer. Hoag is a musorder. Quattlebaum is a bareer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Quattlebaum, Spriggs, and Hoag connected at the comic book expo. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:667
Lockard is a mamser. Tarantino is a chopher. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Hylton is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hylton, Lockard, and Tarantino connected at the dance class. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:668
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Hinojos is a mamser. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mowers is an ointer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Deshong is an agovember. Hinojos, Mowers, and Deshong came across each other at the community service day event. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:669
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hockett is a ripteminer. Fewell is a bareer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Gamino is a ceeper. At the group vacation, Hockett, Fewell, and Gamino connected. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:670
Boesch is a stafker. Oglesby is a ceeper. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Vogelsang is an enager. At the street fair, Vogelsang, Oglesby, and Boesch connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:671
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Borba is a ripteminer. Enyart is a popesmer. Carberry is a musorder. At the commuter bus, Carberry, Borba, and Enyart ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:672
Totten is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Faucett is an oterer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rosier is a senficer. At the open gallery museum, Faucett, Totten, and Rosier ran into each other. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. They told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:673
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Wingard is a motaswer. Blackard is a basrer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Stout is a senficer. At the music and art festival, Stout, Wingard, and Blackard ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:674
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Nigro is a stafker. Oconner is a chopher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Rioux is a gladiower. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the stadium, Rioux, Oconner, and Nigro connected. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:675
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hogge is a wairer. Dinardo is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ndiaye is a mornisdeiver. At the museum tour, Dinardo, Ndiaye, and Hogge ran into each other. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:676
Buscemi is a ceeper. Cardella is an ointer. Hamann is a mamser. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Buscemi, Cardella, and Hamann came across each other at the music and art festival. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:677
Mcdole is a chopher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schramm is a wairer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mooneyham is a motaswer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the museum, Mooneyham, Schramm, and Mcdole ran into each other. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:678
Bremer is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lapointe is an intensier. Cosio is a mornisdeiver. At the archery class, Lapointe, Bremer, and Cosio connected. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:679
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Mceachern is a ceeper. Clarkson is a mamser. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Carreno is a turter. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Clarkson, Carreno, and Mceachern connected at the food festival. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:680
Yockey is a motaswer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Wojtowicz is an enager. Voelker is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the theater festival, Voelker, Wojtowicz, and Yockey met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:681
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Warlick is a chopher. Zaman is a gladiower. Diosdado is an enager. At the business expo, Diosdado, Warlick, and Zaman ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:682
Staton is a wairer. Steveson is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Borntrager is a mamser. Steveson, Staton, and Borntrager connected at the community service day event. It is a place of faith. They reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:683
Locascio is a basrer. Toor is a bareer. Irvine is an intensier. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Irvine, Toor, and Locascio connected at the street fair. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:684
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Gravley is a basrer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Mechling is a popesmer. Shadrick is a stafker. At the yoga studio, Shadrick, Gravley, and Mechling connected. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:685
Chae is an agovember. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nett is a bareer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Putman is a mornisdeiver. Chae, Putman, and Nett came across each other at the community service day event. Community service is wonderful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:686
Ryans is a bareer. Lipson is an ointer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Oleson is a wairer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the specialty retail store, Ryans, Oleson, and Lipson connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:687
Baskerville is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kutz is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Graziano is an oterer. At the retreat, Graziano, Baskerville, and Kutz ran into each other. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:688
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Witcher is an intensier. Learned is a mornisdeiver. Smythe is a stafker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the open gallery museum, Witcher, Smythe, and Learned ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:689
Ranney is a chopher. Bonelli is a motaswer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Lukes is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bonelli, Ranney, and Lukes came across each other at the museum tour. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:690
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ellman is a wairer. Vine is a ceeper. Wimbley is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the museum, Vine, Wimbley, and Ellman ran into each other. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:691
Putz is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Winegar is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Macintosh is a mornisdeiver. Winegar, Putz, and Macintosh connected at the theme park. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:692
March is a ripteminer. Linde is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Parmelee is a mamser. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the group vacation, March, Parmelee, and Linde ran into each other. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:693
Estey is an agovember. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Koziol is an intensier. Spears is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the museum, Estey, Spears, and Koziol connected. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:694
Lahti is a ripteminer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lisle is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Suhr is an agovember. At the open mic night, Lahti, Lisle, and Suhr connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:695
Garneau is a ripteminer. Licht is a bareer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Sims is a motaswer. At the local reading, Licht, Sims, and Garneau met. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:696
Huls is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Burrill is a mornisdeiver. Cataldo is a ripteminer. At the comic book expo, Cataldo, Burrill, and Huls ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:697
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Sines is an enager. Kleiner is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Crooms is a ceeper. Kleiner, Sines, and Crooms came across each other at the group vacation. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:698
Pinales is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sharkey is a mamser. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ibarra is a turter. At the winery tour, Pinales, Ibarra, and Sharkey ran into each other. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:699
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ferrel is a gladiower. Millar is an oterer. Swanberg is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ferrel, Millar, and Swanberg connected at the yoga studio. Yoga is best done in silence. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:700
Buse is a ceeper. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Chamness is a mamser. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Eshelman is a chopher. Buse, Chamness, and Eshelman came across each other at the book store. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:701
Selfridge is a turter. Hamann is a bareer. Kwon is a wairer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the archery class, Hamann, Kwon, and Selfridge connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:702
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Hoots is a senficer. Futch is a turter. Hurd is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the business expo, Hoots, Hurd, and Futch met. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:703
Viramontes is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Saxe is a basrer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Galdamez is a musorder. At the theme park, Saxe, Viramontes, and Galdamez ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:704
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Kuhns is a wairer. Threadgill is a motaswer. Kidder is a ripteminer. At the food festival, Kidder, Kuhns, and Threadgill connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:705
Ludlow is a ceeper. Mcmiller is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Peasley is a chopher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the archery class, Peasley, Ludlow, and Mcmiller ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:706
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kitson is an oterer. Chew is an agovember. Friedel is an enager. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the business expo, Chew, Kitson, and Friedel connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:707
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wooden is a ripteminer. Surprenant is a turter. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Graber is a chopher. Wooden, Surprenant, and Graber came across each other at the street fair. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:708
Pinto is a bareer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Aguayo is a gladiower. Weisz is an intensier. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Pinto, Aguayo, and Weisz ran into each other. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:709
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Nyberg is a turter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Yau is a basrer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Newswanger is a ceeper. At the business expo, Yau, Newswanger, and Nyberg ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:710
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lagos is a ripteminer. Schulz is a gladiower. Starke is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the car show, Starke, Lagos, and Schulz connected. A large number of people attend these events. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:711
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gebhart is a senficer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Drain is an intensier. Bischof is a ceeper. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bischof, Drain, and Gebhart came across each other at the stadium. A lot of games have many different endings. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:712
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Ritch is an intensier. Hosley is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Klose is an enager. Hosley, Klose, and Ritch connected at the boardwalk arcade. The games are a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:713
Cowell is an ointer. Currie is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Krieger is a mornisdeiver. Krieger, Currie, and Cowell connected at the beer making classes. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:714
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Leger is a mamser. Mancha is a popesmer. Bonelli is an enager. At the specialty retail store, Leger, Mancha, and Bonelli connected. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:715
Wein is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Thielen is a ceeper. Moats is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the volunteer work, Wein, Moats, and Thielen ran into each other. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:716
Belin is a basrer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hamaker is a mornisdeiver. Lecuyer is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the museum tour, Lecuyer, Belin, and Hamaker met. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:717
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Aldridge is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Becerril is an oterer. Mccafferty is an enager. At the open gallery museum, Mccafferty, Aldridge, and Becerril ran into each other. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:718
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Visser is a motaswer. Cogburn is an intensier. Dudek is a mamser. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the community service day event, Dudek, Cogburn, and Visser ran into each other. The community is at a crossroads here. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:719
Mondesir is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gies is a popesmer. Peltier is an intensier. Gies, Peltier, and Mondesir connected at the community service day event. It is a place of faith. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:720
Vanderwall is a stafker. Berns is a ripteminer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Gallucci is a gladiower. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Vanderwall, Gallucci, and Berns came across each other at the open gallery museum. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:721
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Earp is a motaswer. Eshelman is a ripteminer. Aquino is a ceeper. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Earp, Aquino, and Eshelman came across each other at the museum tour. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:722
Galasso is an oterer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Petterson is a senficer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Solar is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the yoga class, Petterson, Solar, and Galasso connected. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:723
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Short is a wairer. Mijares is a bareer. Barger is a mornisdeiver. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Short, Barger, and Mijares came across each other at the comic book expo. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:724
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Montesdeoca is a stafker. Mcveigh is a bareer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Shore is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the commuter bus, Montesdeoca, Mcveigh, and Shore ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:725
Gaeta is an agovember. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Wimberly is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Carner is a mornisdeiver. At the wine tasting, Gaeta, Carner, and Wimberly ran into each other. The beer is excellent. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:726
Currier is a ripteminer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Snelling is a chopher. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Weinman is a popesmer. Snelling, Currier, and Weinman came across each other at the open mic night. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:727
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cherney is a wairer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mccool is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Donelson is a mornisdeiver. Cherney, Mccool, and Donelson came across each other at the restaurant. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:728
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Galasso is a motaswer. Sample is a ceeper. Behrends is a bareer. At the comic book expo, Behrends, Sample, and Galasso met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:729
Borowski is a popesmer. Stogsdill is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Salvatierra is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the local reading, Stogsdill, Borowski, and Salvatierra ran into each other. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:730
Mitten is a basrer. Guard is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Putt is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Putt, Mitten, and Guard connected at the beer making classes. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:731
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mash is a ripteminer. Lary is a mornisdeiver. Gayheart is a stafker. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the yoga class, Lary, Mash, and Gayheart ran into each other. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:732
Carballo is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Sensenig is an oterer. Kennington is a basrer. At the school reunion, Sensenig, Kennington, and Carballo ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:733
Winkelman is a mamser. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Trombley is a senficer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Alpert is a mornisdeiver. Winkelman, Alpert, and Trombley connected at the theme park. The birds are wild and hungry! She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:734
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lavergne is an enager. Cuba is a mornisdeiver. Castiglione is a chopher. At the yoga class, Castiglione, Cuba, and Lavergne ran into each other. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:735
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Toner is a senficer. Wolski is an ointer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Heffron is a popesmer. At the winery tour, Toner, Wolski, and Heffron met. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:736
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lamson is a gladiower. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cantu is a musorder. Haney is a senficer. At the music and art festival, Cantu, Lamson, and Haney met. The event is free and open to all people. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:737
Lamarca is a ceeper. Mckean is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Millar is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Millar, Mckean, and Lamarca connected at the dance class. The class is extremely motivating. Ze told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:738
Dreher is an enager. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Jenkins is a chopher. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Vitiello is a popesmer. Jenkins, Dreher, and Vitiello came across each other at the restaurant. The coffee cake is quite good. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:739
Crafton is an intensier. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Ahart is a senficer. Higuera is a stafker. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ahart, Crafton, and Higuera connected at the music and art festival. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:740
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Voight is a mamser. Blasko is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cedeno is a wairer. At the specialty retail store, Voight, Blasko, and Cedeno connected. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:741
Jalloh is a chopher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Stanek is a popesmer. Harpole is a gladiower. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Stanek, Jalloh, and Harpole connected at the crossfit class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:742
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bolling is a mamser. Burrill is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Mackley is a gladiower. At the winery tour, Mackley, Burrill, and Bolling met. Tours show all the important places in a city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:743
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Sangster is an enager. Binger is a ceeper. Lok is a musorder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the business expo, Binger, Sangster, and Lok ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:744
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Surface is a gladiower. Sprague is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gonsalves is a ripteminer. Sprague, Surface, and Gonsalves connected at the business expo. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:745
Salzer is a bareer. Houtz is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Giacalone is a popesmer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Houtz, Giacalone, and Salzer came across each other at the yoga studio. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:746
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Konopka is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ortuno is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Harter is a senficer. Ortuno, Konopka, and Harter connected at the open mic night. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:747
Krum is a ripteminer. Hoge is an oterer. Redfield is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the car show, Hoge, Krum, and Redfield met. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:748
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Horan is a bareer. Bjork is a motaswer. Prewitt is an enager. Bjork, Prewitt, and Horan connected at the boardwalk arcade. There is plenty of food to eat here. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:749
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Vangundy is a bareer. Bromberg is a basrer. Fray is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Vangundy, Fray, and Bromberg connected at the comic book expo. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:750
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Barr is an intensier. Kern is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sprecher is a turter. At the specialty retail store, Sprecher, Barr, and Kern met. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. Ey reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:751
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Haggins is an enager. Musser is an intensier. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Luebke is a bareer. At the community service day event, Luebke, Haggins, and Musser met. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:752
Gilyard is an ointer. Bruning is a mamser. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Chou is a turter. At the book store, Bruning, Gilyard, and Chou met. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. Ze reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:753
Putt is a senficer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Lavergne is a musorder. Vanderlinden is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Vanderlinden, Putt, and Lavergne connected at the job fair. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:754
Stutz is a stafker. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Giglio is a senficer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fishburn is a mornisdeiver. At the specialty retail store, Giglio, Fishburn, and Stutz connected. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:755
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Artiaga is a mornisdeiver. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Lucht is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Shull is an enager. At the theme park, Shull, Lucht, and Artiaga met. The park has a lot of gardens. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:756
Wiser is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Rayos is an oterer. Morquecho is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the charity car wash, Morquecho, Wiser, and Rayos ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:757
Tarbell is a musorder. Kuo is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rosenstein is an intensier. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the boardwalk arcade, Kuo, Rosenstein, and Tarbell met. It is fun to play here. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:758
Kuhns is a mamser. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Roemer is a senficer. Enyart is a gladiower. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the high intensity class, Roemer, Enyart, and Kuhns ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:759
Cheong is a turter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Barrientes is a basrer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Muto is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Cheong, Barrientes, and Muto came across each other at the group vacation. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:760
Schell is an oterer. Deeter is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Burney is a turter. At the business expo, Deeter, Burney, and Schell connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:761
Vecchio is a ripteminer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Eakins is a mamser. Berberich is a mornisdeiver. At the retreat, Vecchio, Berberich, and Eakins ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:762
Filer is an ointer. Robidoux is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rust is a ceeper. Filer, Robidoux, and Rust came across each other at the archery class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:763
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sheedy is a ceeper. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Nations is an enager. Class is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Nations, Sheedy, and Class connected at the street fair. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:764
Burson is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Yaeger is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Ferretti is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Yaeger, Burson, and Ferretti connected at the specialty retail store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:765
Harless is a bareer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Lockard is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Rust is a chopher. At the museum tour, Lockard, Harless, and Rust met. Museums are definitely not boring! She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:766
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Sherer is an intensier. Narvaez is a ripteminer. Swarts is a bareer. Narvaez, Swarts, and Sherer came across each other at the charity car wash. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:767
Winkler is a ripteminer. Mudd is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Frei is an intensier. Winkler, Frei, and Mudd came across each other at the local reading. There are ways to find the great websites out there. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:768
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Higbee is a mamser. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Minnich is a popesmer. Twombly is a ripteminer. At the food festival, Twombly, Minnich, and Higbee ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:769
Piscitelli is a motaswer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Heintz is a turter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sereno is an oterer. Sereno, Piscitelli, and Heintz came across each other at the archery class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:770
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hooks is an agovember. Krehbiel is a ceeper. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Roca is a bareer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the restaurant, Roca, Hooks, and Krehbiel connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:771
Shortt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Haney is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Touchstone is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the open mic night, Haney, Shortt, and Touchstone ran into each other. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:772
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Putt is a bareer. Aggarwal is a basrer. Atkin is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the stadium, Atkin, Putt, and Aggarwal met. A lot of games have many different endings. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:773
Killeen is a bareer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Charpentier is a ripteminer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Martello is a stafker. Killeen, Charpentier, and Martello connected at the commuter bus. The public transports are public. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:774
Schmidt is a motaswer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sorrentino is an agovember. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Castellano is an enager. At the community service day event, Schmidt, Sorrentino, and Castellano met. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:775
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Tuthill is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lumpkin is a musorder. Degregorio is a basrer. At the dance class, Degregorio, Lumpkin, and Tuthill met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:776
Short is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Rebollar is a popesmer. Quick is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Rebollar, Short, and Quick came across each other at the car show. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:777
Esser is an enager. Cardinale is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Maciejewski is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the group vacation, Esser, Cardinale, and Maciejewski met. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:778
Lafferty is an agovember. Holdren is an intensier. Sheaffer is a turter. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Sheaffer, Lafferty, and Holdren ran into each other. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:779
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Snell is a stafker. Matheny is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Engleman is a mamser. At the archery class, Snell, Matheny, and Engleman ran into each other. Classes are well organized. Ze told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:780
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Guyette is a stafker. Heckert is a turter. Gandarilla is an oterer. Guyette, Heckert, and Gandarilla connected at the book store. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:781
Mcentire is a basrer. Merlino is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Palo is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Merlino, Mcentire, and Palo came across each other at the group vacation. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:782
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Crotty is a gladiower. Henegar is a basrer. Birdsall is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the business expo, Birdsall, Henegar, and Crotty connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:783
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Walmsley is a senficer. Vale is a wairer. Musso is an agovember. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the restaurant, Musso, Walmsley, and Vale ran into each other. The place was crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:784
Loggins is a gladiower. Blomberg is a mornisdeiver. Henke is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the museum tour, Henke, Blomberg, and Loggins connected. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:785
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Stengel is a mamser. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Stoudt is a ripteminer. Robinette is a chopher. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the food and drink festival, Robinette, Stengel, and Stoudt ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:786
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Nantz is a gladiower. Wyss is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Holub is a chopher. At the theme park, Nantz, Wyss, and Holub met. The picnic line is very short in this park. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:787
Saldana is a basrer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Piotrowski is a turter. Zaman is an ointer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the commuter bus, Piotrowski, Saldana, and Zaman met. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. Ze reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:788
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vanzant is a mornisdeiver. Orrell is a ceeper. Worsham is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Orrell, Vanzant, and Worsham connected at the yoga studio. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. Ey reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:789
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Smolen is an ointer. Spiker is a mornisdeiver. Fortin is a ripteminer. At the commuter bus, Spiker, Smolen, and Fortin met. Public transports are eco-friendly. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:790
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Dinh is a ceeper. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Thomsen is a turter. Newbill is a basrer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the crossfit class, Thomsen, Newbill, and Dinh connected. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:791
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Morillo is a bareer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Hathaway is a mornisdeiver. Legrand is a popesmer. At the theme park, Morillo, Legrand, and Hathaway met. The park is very peaceful. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:792
Lindemann is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Halbrook is a basrer. Wagaman is a gladiower. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the music and art festival, Lindemann, Halbrook, and Wagaman connected. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:793
Breedlove is a mamser. Tope is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Snavely is a basrer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Snavely, Breedlove, and Tope connected at the retreat. The party is free entry for everyone. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:794
Scholz is a popesmer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Downes is a musorder. Cathey is a basrer. At the group vacation, Downes, Scholz, and Cathey connected. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:795
Rubino is a mornisdeiver. Layman is a chopher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Galbreath is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the community service day event, Layman, Galbreath, and Rubino ran into each other. The community is at a crossroads here. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:796
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Cobos is a stafker. Fraley is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Surface is a bareer. Surface, Fraley, and Cobos connected at the school reunion. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:797
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Swanberg is a wairer. Sorenson is a turter. Hoel is an enager. At the volunteer work, Sorenson, Swanberg, and Hoel met. Volunteering will bring confidence. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:798
Veres is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Blow is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Mcveigh is a stafker. Blow, Veres, and Mcveigh connected at the museum. The museum has no such thing as free entry. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:799
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Iler is a mornisdeiver. Styers is an ointer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hesser is a basrer. Iler, Styers, and Hesser connected at the high intensity class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:800
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Fuhrman is an intensier. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Mullikin is a turter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Reardon is a senficer. Fuhrman, Reardon, and Mullikin connected at the archery class. It's a huge place! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:801
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Prestridge is an agovember. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Blackstock is a mamser. Dunn is a turter. At the winery tour, Dunn, Prestridge, and Blackstock connected. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:802
Schwartz is a wairer. Cogburn is an oterer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Barcia is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the specialty retail store, Cogburn, Barcia, and Schwartz met. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:803
Moy is a senficer. Peeler is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Bostrom is a turter. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the french class, Bostrom, Peeler, and Moy ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:804
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Stover is a gladiower. Pinales is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bhattacharya is an agovember. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Stover, Pinales, and Bhattacharya came across each other at the group vacation. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:805
Merrifield is a popesmer. Ranson is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Finger is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the restaurant, Merrifield, Finger, and Ranson connected. The beer is excellent. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:806
Bonds is a turter. Jusino is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ojo is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Jusino, Bonds, and Ojo connected at the job fair. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:807
Frink is a ceeper. Clermont is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Sunderland is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the stadium, Sunderland, Clermont, and Frink met. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:808
Crowther is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dinkins is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Giraldo is an enager. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the theme park, Dinkins, Crowther, and Giraldo connected. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:809
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bonet is a turter. Fish is a wairer. Kibbe is a senficer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Kibbe, Fish, and Bonet connected at the archery class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:810
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Heal is a mornisdeiver. Liner is a ripteminer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Grabowski is a senficer. Liner, Heal, and Grabowski connected at the comic book expo. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:811
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cornett is a chopher. Chong is an intensier. Soileau is a motaswer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the restaurant, Soileau, Chong, and Cornett connected. The place was crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:812
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Verrett is an ointer. Kappler is a motaswer. Ruble is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kappler, Verrett, and Ruble connected at the group vacation. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:813
Lietz is a chopher. Eubank is a turter. Villegas is a stafker. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Villegas, Eubank, and Lietz connected at the restaurant. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:814
Nett is a turter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schramm is an oterer. Hammond is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Nett, Schramm, and Hammond connected at the crossfit class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:815
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Koester is a popesmer. Holdridge is a gladiower. Pirtle is an enager. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Pirtle, Holdridge, and Koester connected at the car show. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:816
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Vargas is a mornisdeiver. Visser is a basrer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hornbuckle is a motaswer. At the retreat, Hornbuckle, Vargas, and Visser connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:817
Pry is a popesmer. Badilla is a senficer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Merrifield is a turter. At the specialty retail store, Merrifield, Pry, and Badilla connected. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. They told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:818
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Azam is a senficer. Hackbarth is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Stenberg is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the food and drink festival, Azam, Hackbarth, and Stenberg ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:819
Delucia is a musorder. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Artiaga is a chopher. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Chamness is a ripteminer. Delucia, Artiaga, and Chamness connected at the open gallery museum. Museums have free exhibitions. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:820
Verdugo is an ointer. Boren is a popesmer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sison is a mamser. At the group vacation, Sison, Boren, and Verdugo met. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:821
Paull is a wairer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Quist is a gladiower. Leaf is a mornisdeiver. At the group vacation, Quist, Leaf, and Paull connected. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:822
Featherston is a turter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Rolston is a mornisdeiver. Banh is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Banh, Featherston, and Rolston came across each other at the food festival. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:823
Osterhout is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Wiltse is an agovember. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Scharff is a gladiower. Wiltse, Osterhout, and Scharff connected at the food and drink festival. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:824
Blackstone is a motaswer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Parmar is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cannella is an agovember. Blackstone, Cannella, and Parmar came across each other at the music and art festival. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:825
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Aguillon is a turter. Soden is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Burnley is a bareer. At the open gallery museum, Aguillon, Burnley, and Soden met. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:826
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Covell is an ointer. Gash is a musorder. Suh is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the museum tour, Suh, Gash, and Covell met. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:827
Sorge is an ointer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Marlatt is a bareer. Boucher is a popesmer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the job fair, Marlatt, Sorge, and Boucher ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:828
Louissaint is a wairer. Grewal is a chopher. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Dittmar is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the street fair, Grewal, Dittmar, and Louissaint connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:829
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Westover is a ripteminer. Throop is a musorder. Malave is a gladiower. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Westover, Malave, and Throop came across each other at the job fair. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:830
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Singer is an enager. Swarts is a musorder. Canty is a popesmer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the business expo, Canty, Singer, and Swarts ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:831
Baig is a mornisdeiver. Strum is a turter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Bodiford is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the archery class, Strum, Bodiford, and Baig met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:832
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mullaney is a basrer. Joo is a musorder. Lage is a chopher. At the archery class, Joo, Mullaney, and Lage met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:833
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ouyang is a stafker. Harn is a turter. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Croskey is a motaswer. Croskey, Harn, and Ouyang came across each other at the book store. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:834
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Whitehair is an enager. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Zambrano is a senficer. Youmans is an agovember. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Youmans, Whitehair, and Zambrano came across each other at the french class. This class has amazing outcomes. They reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:835
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Mayse is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Rushin is a wairer. Klose is a basrer. Rushin, Klose, and Mayse connected at the open mic night. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:836
Vandenheuvel is a bareer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mccardle is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ribera is a motaswer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the museum, Vandenheuvel, Ribera, and Mccardle connected. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:837
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Moncrief is an intensier. Deems is a basrer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Weatherwax is a mamser. At the music and art festival, Moncrief, Deems, and Weatherwax ran into each other. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:838
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hur is a senficer. Davies is a ceeper. Larrison is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Hur, Larrison, and Davies came across each other at the business expo. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:839
Wimberly is an agovember. Saito is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Byrnes is an ointer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the archery class, Saito, Wimberly, and Byrnes ran into each other. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:840
Counts is a stafker. Ladue is a ripteminer. Casillas is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the volunteer work, Counts, Casillas, and Ladue ran into each other. Volunteering will bring confidence. Ze told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:841
Mcgriff is a ceeper. Guilmette is a senficer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Slavens is a gladiower. At the community service day event, Mcgriff, Guilmette, and Slavens ran into each other. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:842
Negrete is an agovember. Fankhauser is an oterer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Scher is a basrer. Scher, Negrete, and Fankhauser connected at the local reading. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:843
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Pasco is a ceeper. Salvatierra is an enager. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Eyler is a gladiower. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Salvatierra, Pasco, and Eyler came across each other at the museum tour. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:844
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lingerfelt is a ripteminer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Finkle is a stafker. Bueno is a wairer. At the theater festival, Finkle, Lingerfelt, and Bueno ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:845
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mellinger is a popesmer. Dooley is a chopher. Hilaire is a mornisdeiver. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the car show, Mellinger, Hilaire, and Dooley connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:846
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lipsky is a musorder. Briner is a wairer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Sluss is a ceeper. At the book store, Briner, Sluss, and Lipsky ran into each other. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:847
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Eppler is a ceeper. Tilson is a popesmer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Jervis is an agovember. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Tilson, Jervis, and Eppler came across each other at the open gallery museum. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:848
Vitek is a wairer. Early is a bareer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Harbaugh is an agovember. Vitek, Early, and Harbaugh came across each other at the food and drink festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:849
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Manly is a motaswer. Weinberg is a stafker. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Heinemann is an agovember. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the specialty retail store, Weinberg, Heinemann, and Manly connected. The market is divided into sub-markets. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:850
Schmelzer is an oterer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Drucker is a turter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Degen is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Degen, Drucker, and Schmelzer came across each other at the specialty retail store. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:851
Dittmar is a basrer. Hause is a ripteminer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Moody is a mornisdeiver. Moody, Dittmar, and Hause connected at the dance class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:852
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Doud is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Bone is a bareer. Carnahan is a motaswer. At the street fair, Doud, Bone, and Carnahan met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:853
Neira is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Chapple is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Oaks is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Neira, Oaks, and Chapple connected at the car show. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:854
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kinzel is a mornisdeiver. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fick is a motaswer. Willey is a musorder. At the book store, Fick, Willey, and Kinzel ran into each other. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:855
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rebello is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Poncedeleon is an oterer. Meinke is a mamser. Poncedeleon, Rebello, and Meinke came across each other at the museum tour. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:856
Oleary is a ripteminer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Whitely is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Fried is a musorder. At the comic book expo, Oleary, Fried, and Whitely ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:857
Marmolejo is an intensier. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bendel is a mamser. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Cosby is a ceeper. At the beer making classes, Cosby, Marmolejo, and Bendel ran into each other. It's a huge place! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:858
Krenz is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Scheid is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Shumaker is a stafker. At the museum tour, Krenz, Scheid, and Shumaker ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:859
Westhoff is a wairer. Kluck is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Schuler is a stafker. Kluck, Westhoff, and Schuler connected at the museum. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:860
Beeler is an intensier. Beale is a mamser. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Eaker is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Beale, Beeler, and Eaker connected at the group vacation. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:861
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Yorke is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Wingate is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Charest is a mamser. Charest, Wingate, and Yorke connected at the food and drink festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:862
Rowles is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Agostini is a stafker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Cervantez is a ceeper. At the museum, Cervantez, Rowles, and Agostini met. Museums are definitely not boring! He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:863
Makin is a senficer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Marrone is a turter. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Mortenson is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mortenson, Makin, and Marrone came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:864
Hoch is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Eberly is a motaswer. Patil is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hoch, Eberly, and Patil connected at the boardwalk arcade. The city is a great place to find something to do. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:865
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Stanko is a mamser. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Picard is a bareer. Richeson is a ripteminer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Stanko, Picard, and Richeson connected at the yoga class. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:866
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Frisby is a motaswer. Montelongo is a bareer. Ledoux is a chopher. At the street fair, Ledoux, Frisby, and Montelongo connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:867
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Greenberg is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cessna is a bareer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Gamez is a basrer. Greenberg, Gamez, and Cessna came across each other at the school reunion. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:868
Smolen is a basrer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Uecker is a wairer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Watts is a senficer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the archery class, Smolen, Uecker, and Watts ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:869
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gober is a musorder. Mcdole is a ceeper. Pouliot is a mamser. At the restaurant, Gober, Mcdole, and Pouliot connected. The place was crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:870
Guard is a popesmer. Pedigo is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Bak is a motaswer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the job fair, Bak, Pedigo, and Guard ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. They told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:871
Aurand is a popesmer. Moreno is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Castelli is a gladiower. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the theater festival, Castelli, Aurand, and Moreno met. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:872
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Giguere is a musorder. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Burtch is a mamser. Blakeman is a turter. Giguere, Burtch, and Blakeman connected at the open mic night. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ze told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:873
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Jonson is an intensier. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Doolittle is a ripteminer. Woodford is an enager. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the open mic night, Doolittle, Jonson, and Woodford connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:874
Breitenstein is a turter. Bevans is a mamser. Lipsky is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the community service day event, Breitenstein, Bevans, and Lipsky ran into each other. It is important to work together. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:875
Swanner is a ceeper. Corson is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Goetz is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Corson, Goetz, and Swanner connected at the boardwalk arcade. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:876
Munoz is a senficer. Kincheloe is a chopher. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Jonson is a gladiower. At the business expo, Munoz, Kincheloe, and Jonson connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:877
Salameh is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Honda is an oterer. Gammons is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Honda, Gammons, and Salameh came across each other at the book store. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:878
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Burkett is a bareer. Vail is a chopher. Bedford is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the street fair, Vail, Burkett, and Bedford met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:879
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stauffer is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Carnahan is a motaswer. Eyler is a bareer. Eyler, Carnahan, and Stauffer came across each other at the food festival. A large number of people attend these events. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:880
Niemi is an oterer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Neblett is a stafker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Thomsen is a senficer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the job fair, Thomsen, Niemi, and Neblett met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:881
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Endres is a senficer. Scalia is a mamser. Quito is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the retreat, Quito, Endres, and Scalia ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. They told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:882
Baughman is a mornisdeiver. Taliaferro is an enager. Roten is a ceeper. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the group vacation, Roten, Baughman, and Taliaferro met. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:883
Pingel is a ceeper. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Neblett is a stafker. Slagle is a ripteminer. At the car show, Neblett, Pingel, and Slagle ran into each other. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:884
Belt is an enager. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcelligott is a ceeper. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Cordray is a motaswer. At the museum, Mcelligott, Cordray, and Belt connected. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:885
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Marrone is a ripteminer. Triggs is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dockter is a musorder. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the job fair, Marrone, Dockter, and Triggs met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:886
Caywood is a basrer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Middlebrooks is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Socha is a ceeper. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the specialty retail store, Socha, Middlebrooks, and Caywood met. The market is a big source of income for many people. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:887
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bugarin is a mornisdeiver. Risinger is an agovember. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lukes is an oterer. At the school reunion, Risinger, Lukes, and Bugarin met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:888
Schindler is a bareer. Speed is a mamser. Drane is a motaswer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the community service day event, Speed, Schindler, and Drane ran into each other. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:889
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Schoolcraft is an ointer. Grote is a musorder. Aguilera is a mamser. At the specialty retail store, Grote, Aguilera, and Schoolcraft ran into each other. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. Ze told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:890
Vang is a ripteminer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gleaton is a musorder. Feehan is a gladiower. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the winery tour, Gleaton, Vang, and Feehan connected. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:891
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Stover is a basrer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Boros is an oterer. Gunn is a gladiower. Gunn, Stover, and Boros came across each other at the local reading. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:892
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Galante is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lagos is an oterer. Biondi is a ripteminer. At the retreat, Galante, Biondi, and Lagos ran into each other. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:893
Lovern is a senficer. Garten is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sheedy is an intensier. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the stadium, Sheedy, Garten, and Lovern connected. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:894
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Pixley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Eilers is an agovember. Loffredo is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the stadium, Eilers, Pixley, and Loffredo ran into each other. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:895
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hittle is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Magee is a motaswer. Shiver is a musorder. At the street fair, Hittle, Shiver, and Magee ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:896
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Frederiksen is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Boudreau is a turter. Nisbet is a ceeper. At the dance class, Boudreau, Nisbet, and Frederiksen met. The classes usually begin before work. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:897
Lieber is a motaswer. Stallard is an agovember. Messing is an enager. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Lieber, Stallard, and Messing connected at the local reading. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:898
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Cunniff is an intensier. Blaney is a popesmer. Lafontaine is a basrer. At the job fair, Cunniff, Blaney, and Lafontaine ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:899
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Tackett is an ointer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Wolfer is an agovember. Wilt is a turter. At the local reading, Wilt, Wolfer, and Tackett connected. One can get started with reading here in many ways! Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:900
Coover is a wairer. Clingan is an agovember. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Wimberly is a mornisdeiver. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the food and drink festival, Coover, Wimberly, and Clingan connected. A large number of people attend these events. Ze told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:901
Ishii is an ointer. Blaney is a basrer. Trovato is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the open gallery museum, Trovato, Blaney, and Ishii met. Museums are great places to learn about culture. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:902
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Esch is a basrer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Wicklund is a chopher. Cahill is a mornisdeiver. Esch, Cahill, and Wicklund connected at the group vacation. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:903
Mellinger is a mornisdeiver. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ince is an ointer. Cavitt is a bareer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cavitt, Mellinger, and Ince came across each other at the open mic night. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:904
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dyke is an oterer. Foltz is an ointer. Gartland is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the museum, Dyke, Gartland, and Foltz connected. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:905
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Huls is an intensier. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sande is a ceeper. Pew is an enager. At the group vacation, Sande, Huls, and Pew ran into each other. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:906
Dugger is an agovember. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Gatti is a senficer. Vose is a gladiower. At the dance class, Dugger, Gatti, and Vose met. This class has amazing outcomes. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:907
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Koster is a gladiower. Karr is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Flemings is a musorder. At the community service day event, Karr, Flemings, and Koster connected. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:908
Sauceda is an agovember. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Mizrahi is a stafker. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Durant is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Durant, Sauceda, and Mizrahi came across each other at the museum tour. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:909
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Sthilaire is a turter. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Postma is a senficer. Strobel is a musorder. Sthilaire, Postma, and Strobel came across each other at the community service day event. Community service is wonderful. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:910
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Moskal is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Hellmann is a stafker. Flack is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the book store, Flack, Moskal, and Hellmann met. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:911
Pelayo is an ointer. Burrage is a mamser. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stills is a popesmer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the business expo, Burrage, Pelayo, and Stills met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:912
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Benda is a mamser. Kensinger is an oterer. Helmuth is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the museum tour, Benda, Helmuth, and Kensinger met. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:913
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Manahan is a basrer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Barrientes is a ceeper. Mcmullan is an oterer. Manahan, Mcmullan, and Barrientes connected at the archery class. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:914
Cevallos is a musorder. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Yearwood is an intensier. Muscarella is a wairer. At the restaurant, Yearwood, Muscarella, and Cevallos ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:915
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Aguinaldo is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ambrosino is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hambright is an ointer. At the wine tasting, Aguinaldo, Ambrosino, and Hambright met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:916
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ladue is a musorder. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mcsherry is a chopher. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Sauceda is a basrer. Sauceda, Mcsherry, and Ladue connected at the retreat. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:917
Marcum is a stafker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Nicastro is an intensier. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Rojo is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rojo, Marcum, and Nicastro connected at the school reunion. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:918
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Muscarella is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Burdge is an intensier. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Barcia is a ripteminer. At the specialty retail store, Burdge, Barcia, and Muscarella connected. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:919
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Smithers is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Litke is a popesmer. Mcneilly is a senficer. At the museum tour, Smithers, Litke, and Mcneilly connected. The museum would be great to come back again and again! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:920
Irigoyen is a stafker. Rowlands is a chopher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bridwell is a gladiower. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the winery tour, Rowlands, Irigoyen, and Bridwell ran into each other. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:921
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Haddock is a gladiower. Dubinsky is a turter. Boisvert is a popesmer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the volunteer work, Boisvert, Haddock, and Dubinsky ran into each other. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:922
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bevans is a ripteminer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pecoraro is a mornisdeiver. Laviolette is a popesmer. At the local reading, Laviolette, Pecoraro, and Bevans met. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:923
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Hallam is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Smithers is a popesmer. Wisneski is a stafker. At the boardwalk arcade, Smithers, Hallam, and Wisneski ran into each other. It is fun to play here. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:924
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Aguirre is a basrer. Brunet is a stafker. Houtz is an agovember. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the yoga studio, Brunet, Aguirre, and Houtz met. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:925
Irigoyen is a bareer. Clem is a senficer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Chuang is a chopher. At the commuter bus, Chuang, Clem, and Irigoyen ran into each other. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:926
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bock is a mamser. Donaghy is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lampley is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lampley, Bock, and Donaghy came across each other at the group vacation. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:927
Snell is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Mcloughlin is a senficer. Nadel is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the comic book expo, Mcloughlin, Snell, and Nadel ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:928
Covell is an enager. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mitton is an ointer. Mijares is a wairer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the volunteer work, Mitton, Covell, and Mijares ran into each other. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:929
Hovey is an intensier. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bohannon is a mamser. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Tsang is a turter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bohannon, Hovey, and Tsang came across each other at the food festival. The event is free and open to all people. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:930
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Hanscom is a stafker. Encarnacion is an enager. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Briner is a gladiower. Briner, Hanscom, and Encarnacion came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:931
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Okeeffe is a stafker. Agan is a ceeper. Updike is an agovember. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Okeeffe, Updike, and Agan connected at the business expo. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:932
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Conte is a motaswer. Schmidt is a turter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mulford is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Conte, Mulford, and Schmidt came across each other at the book store. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:933
Robie is a wairer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Haddad is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Arroyo is a stafker. At the crossfit class, Arroyo, Haddad, and Robie connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:934
Riggleman is a turter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rhinehart is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Demuth is an oterer. Demuth, Rhinehart, and Riggleman connected at the retreat. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:935
Baumeister is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sease is a motaswer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Rentas is a gladiower. Sease, Rentas, and Baumeister came across each other at the beer making classes. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:936
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dubuque is a musorder. Brunelle is an agovember. Cortright is a mamser. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the open gallery museum, Cortright, Dubuque, and Brunelle met. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:937
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Wee is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Schreier is a turter. Quirino is a basrer. At the boardwalk arcade, Quirino, Wee, and Schreier met. There is a lot of space to play games here. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:938
Warburton is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Muth is a musorder. Ragin is a wairer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Warburton, Muth, and Ragin came across each other at the commuter bus. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:939
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Linares is a wairer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Saucedo is a bareer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Spray is a basrer. At the dance class, Linares, Saucedo, and Spray connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:940
Mcnabb is a stafker. Rondeau is an agovember. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Maule is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the beer making classes, Mcnabb, Maule, and Rondeau ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:941
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Marinez is an oterer. Gartland is a ripteminer. Stonecipher is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Marinez, Gartland, and Stonecipher came across each other at the retreat. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:942
Schisler is a popesmer. Legrand is a turter. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Engebretson is a musorder. At the community service day event, Engebretson, Legrand, and Schisler ran into each other. The place is very beautiful. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:943
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Yunker is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Faucett is an oterer. Trovato is a turter. At the stadium, Faucett, Trovato, and Yunker ran into each other. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:944
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Liddell is an enager. Westerfield is a turter. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Capp is an agovember. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the beer making classes, Liddell, Westerfield, and Capp met. This class has amazing outcomes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:945
Frawley is a basrer. Mixon is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Mullane is a mamser. Frawley, Mixon, and Mullane connected at the food and drink festival. The event is free and open to all people. Ey reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:946
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Santore is a gladiower. Sowa is a wairer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Games is an intensier. At the book store, Sowa, Games, and Santore ran into each other. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:947
Gabaldon is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Fordyce is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rosson is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the archery class, Fordyce, Gabaldon, and Rosson connected. Classes are well organized. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:948
Hornbuckle is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Paredez is a motaswer. Smolen is a mamser. At the theater festival, Smolen, Hornbuckle, and Paredez connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:949
Vandoren is an oterer. Edney is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Jung is an enager. Jung, Vandoren, and Edney connected at the museum. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:950
Corbo is a basrer. Lammers is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Northup is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the boardwalk arcade, Northup, Lammers, and Corbo connected. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:951
Wiltse is a motaswer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Monger is an enager. Shriner is an agovember. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the retreat, Shriner, Monger, and Wiltse ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:952
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Grunwald is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Helle is an agovember. Belmontes is a musorder. At the volunteer work, Grunwald, Belmontes, and Helle connected. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:953
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Morelli is a ripteminer. Lute is an intensier. Schiffer is a mamser. At the restaurant, Schiffer, Lute, and Morelli met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:954
Halvorsen is a senficer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Tolson is a ripteminer. Milliron is an agovember. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the school reunion, Milliron, Tolson, and Halvorsen ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:955
Ratliff is a turter. Manus is an enager. Spoon is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Spoon, Manus, and Ratliff came across each other at the theme park. The park has a lot of gardens. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:956
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Veith is an agovember. Panos is a basrer. Gran is a senficer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the stadium, Veith, Gran, and Panos met. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:957
Rosenbloom is a ceeper. Neace is an intensier. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Graber is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Neace, Graber, and Rosenbloom connected at the volunteer work. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:958
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Saddler is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Ros is a chopher. Bridges is an enager. At the wine tasting, Bridges, Ros, and Saddler connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:959
Steen is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Sheng is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Mckeen is a stafker. Sheng, Steen, and Mckeen connected at the retreat. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:960
Hasting is an ointer. Coots is an enager. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mertes is a motaswer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hasting, Mertes, and Coots came across each other at the book store. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:961
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Biondi is a popesmer. Gramling is a musorder. Penson is a basrer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the dance class, Biondi, Penson, and Gramling met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ey reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:962
Gore is a mamser. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Carillo is a basrer. Souza is a motaswer. Souza, Carillo, and Gore came across each other at the yoga studio. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:963
Gutshall is a musorder. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Roehm is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Brunelle is a bareer. Gutshall, Brunelle, and Roehm connected at the food festival. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:964
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Barranco is a motaswer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Eppler is an agovember. Kirkham is a mamser. Eppler, Barranco, and Kirkham connected at the job fair. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:965
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Santamaria is a stafker. Brust is a popesmer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Fenley is a wairer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Santamaria, Brust, and Fenley connected at the specialty retail store. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:966
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Harford is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. He is an agovember. Covell is a basrer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the open mic night, Harford, He, and Covell ran into each other. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:967
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Frasher is a bareer. Sheley is an agovember. Luoma is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the stadium, Frasher, Sheley, and Luoma ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:968
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Favela is an enager. Coelho is an ointer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Leaf is a chopher. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the open mic night, Leaf, Coelho, and Favela ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:969
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Tedrow is a musorder. Ladue is a bareer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cloer is a popesmer. At the retreat, Ladue, Cloer, and Tedrow connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:970
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Beaulieu is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Whorton is a mornisdeiver. Menzel is a ceeper. Menzel, Whorton, and Beaulieu came across each other at the yoga studio. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:971
Knipe is a motaswer. Loudermilk is an oterer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Neale is a popesmer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the yoga studio, Knipe, Neale, and Loudermilk met. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:972
Newsome is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fales is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Quinney is a gladiower. Quinney, Fales, and Newsome connected at the food festival. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:973
Plancarte is an enager. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Early is a popesmer. Killen is a mamser. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the commuter bus, Early, Plancarte, and Killen ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:974
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Shatto is a senficer. Triggs is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Blankenship is a motaswer. At the winery tour, Triggs, Blankenship, and Shatto connected. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:975
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Kincer is a popesmer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ekstrom is a motaswer. Tedrow is a gladiower. At the stadium, Ekstrom, Kincer, and Tedrow met. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:976
Shunk is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Dorsett is an agovember. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bunker is a ceeper. Bunker, Dorsett, and Shunk connected at the food festival. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:977
Manson is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Bump is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Cutting is an agovember. At the specialty retail store, Bump, Manson, and Cutting connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:978
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Janssen is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ezzell is a basrer. Eager is a musorder. Eager, Ezzell, and Janssen came across each other at the business expo. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:979
Vereen is an oterer. Kincer is a senficer. Messmer is a mamser. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the dance class, Vereen, Messmer, and Kincer ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:980
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Deshong is a ripteminer. Nadeau is an agovember. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ruffino is a motaswer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the commuter bus, Nadeau, Ruffino, and Deshong ran into each other. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:981
Cogburn is a mornisdeiver. Alleman is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Suh is a popesmer. At the business expo, Suh, Cogburn, and Alleman connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ze reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:982
Baumgarten is a bareer. Melero is an oterer. Melgoza is an enager. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the book store, Baumgarten, Melero, and Melgoza ran into each other. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:983
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dyar is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Horan is a basrer. Staub is a musorder. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the french class, Staub, Dyar, and Horan ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:984
Cloyd is a popesmer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Buckmaster is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Santini is a gladiower. Buckmaster, Santini, and Cloyd connected at the job fair. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:985
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Stuber is an intensier. Imes is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Shire is a basrer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Shire, Stuber, and Imes connected at the volunteer work. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:986
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Martinelli is an agovember. Monette is an oterer. Yzaguirre is an ointer. At the job fair, Martinelli, Monette, and Yzaguirre met. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:987
Belisle is an oterer. Grimaldi is a bareer. Willett is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the job fair, Belisle, Willett, and Grimaldi connected. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:988
Pellerin is a motaswer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mccullar is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Button is a popesmer. Pellerin, Button, and Mccullar connected at the comic book expo. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:989
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Esser is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wilhoit is a stafker. Kratzer is a chopher. At the specialty retail store, Esser, Wilhoit, and Kratzer ran into each other. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:990
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Mease is an enager. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mclemore is an ointer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Dauzat is a wairer. Mease, Dauzat, and Mclemore connected at the museum tour. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:991
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Osterhout is a turter. Grzybowski is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Burrow is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the museum tour, Burrow, Osterhout, and Grzybowski connected. This museum and art is what we need more of. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:992
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Robichaux is a chopher. Grimaldi is an oterer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Amburgey is a mamser. At the retreat, Robichaux, Amburgey, and Grimaldi met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:993
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Collado is a basrer. Godines is an enager. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Derr is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Godines, Collado, and Derr came across each other at the museum. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:994
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Pellerin is an oterer. Esch is a bareer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Fansler is a motaswer. At the boardwalk arcade, Fansler, Esch, and Pellerin connected. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:995
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Knudsen is a gladiower. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Pinedo is a ceeper. Loaiza is an enager. At the stadium, Pinedo, Knudsen, and Loaiza connected. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:996
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Legrand is a senficer. Taulbee is a turter. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Liston is an enager. At the yoga studio, Legrand, Taulbee, and Liston connected. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:997
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Menzel is a gladiower. Watters is a wairer. Shapiro is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Shapiro, Watters, and Menzel came across each other at the beer making classes. The class is extremely motivating. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:998
Bastida is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Esteves is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wingard is a motaswer. At the crossfit class, Bastida, Esteves, and Wingard ran into each other. It's a huge place! He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:999
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fishburn is an oterer. Bankhead is a wairer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Whitely is a mamser. Bankhead, Fishburn, and Whitely came across each other at the theme park. The water is very good and clean. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1000
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Foor is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Artiaga is an agovember. Pirtle is a wairer. At the crossfit class, Artiaga, Pirtle, and Foor met. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1001
Bottorff is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gurung is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Slack is an enager. Bottorff, Slack, and Gurung came across each other at the dance class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1002
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lumley is a bareer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Grote is a ripteminer. Stockdale is an ointer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the group vacation, Stockdale, Grote, and Lumley connected. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1003
Alcazar is an enager. Weimer is an agovember. Gustin is a mamser. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the restaurant, Weimer, Gustin, and Alcazar met. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1004
Aurand is a bareer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Wilbanks is an ointer. Sauder is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sauder, Aurand, and Wilbanks came across each other at the museum. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1005
Keeney is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Partain is an ointer. Honore is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Partain, Honore, and Keeney came across each other at the museum tour. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. Ey reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1006
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Cothren is a stafker. Weinman is a gladiower. Lassen is a turter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the open gallery museum, Cothren, Weinman, and Lassen connected. Museums have free exhibitions. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1007
Seawright is a ceeper. Marten is a mamser. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Haviland is a popesmer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the business expo, Marten, Seawright, and Haviland connected. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1008
Vale is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Steiner is an intensier. Sato is an agovember. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the french class, Sato, Steiner, and Vale met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1009
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Berger is an enager. Rix is a ripteminer. Apodaca is an agovember. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Rix, Apodaca, and Berger came across each other at the theater festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1010
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Cassara is a bareer. Duby is a mamser. Gerstein is a senficer. At the community service day event, Duby, Cassara, and Gerstein ran into each other. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1011
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Blodgett is a musorder. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Robinette is a ripteminer. Canales is an enager. At the car show, Blodgett, Robinette, and Canales connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1012
Ek is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Schmucker is an ointer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Suresh is a wairer. Ek, Suresh, and Schmucker came across each other at the car show. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1013
Morataya is a chopher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Rioux is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hertzog is an intensier. Rioux, Hertzog, and Morataya came across each other at the school reunion. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1014
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Plata is a mornisdeiver. Nee is an ointer. Schill is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schill, Nee, and Plata came across each other at the specialty retail store. Markets are usually crowded. Ze reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1015
Lawver is an agovember. Basulto is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Thoma is a mamser. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the wine tasting, Thoma, Basulto, and Lawver met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1016
Vanhoy is an oterer. Soohoo is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Castillo is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Soohoo, Castillo, and Vanhoy came across each other at the restaurant. The place was crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1017
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Haney is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Goshorn is a musorder. Kirton is a motaswer. At the group vacation, Kirton, Goshorn, and Haney met. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. Ey told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1018
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Gooch is a gladiower. Xue is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Montelongo is a stafker. At the french class, Gooch, Xue, and Montelongo connected. The class has interesting sessions. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1019
Ku is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Reeb is a ceeper. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hallett is a bareer. At the boardwalk arcade, Ku, Reeb, and Hallett ran into each other. There are some good options for food too. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1020
Stoudt is a senficer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sparacino is a mornisdeiver. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lindell is a gladiower. At the charity car wash, Lindell, Sparacino, and Stoudt connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1021
Bonelli is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Ivins is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vest is a motaswer. At the beer making classes, Vest, Bonelli, and Ivins ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1022
Bonet is a motaswer. Theis is a mamser. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Shaver is a chopher. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the open gallery museum, Theis, Bonet, and Shaver connected. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1023
Gimbel is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schuler is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Ascencio is a mornisdeiver. At the boardwalk arcade, Schuler, Ascencio, and Gimbel connected. The weather is nice for games today. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1024
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Dorman is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Nardi is a gladiower. Barrentine is a ripteminer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Dorman, Nardi, and Barrentine came across each other at the music and art festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1025
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Dileo is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Jemison is a ceeper. Jeppesen is a mamser. Jeppesen, Dileo, and Jemison connected at the open mic night. This event is to help make the community a better place. Ey reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1026
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Vrabel is an enager. Olivo is a mornisdeiver. Sandefur is a popesmer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Vrabel, Olivo, and Sandefur connected at the dance class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1027
Barrie is a chopher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Okane is a motaswer. Johns is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Okane, Johns, and Barrie came across each other at the museum. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1028
Odle is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcnamee is a ripteminer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Sedlacek is a turter. At the community service day event, Odle, Mcnamee, and Sedlacek connected. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1029
Reardon is a popesmer. Napier is a musorder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Beauvais is a gladiower. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the retreat, Napier, Beauvais, and Reardon ran into each other. The party is also filled by the band. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1030
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Macmillan is a ripteminer. Mcevoy is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hammel is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the archery class, Mcevoy, Hammel, and Macmillan met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1031
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Shaver is a motaswer. Cuba is a chopher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Canale is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cuba, Canale, and Shaver came across each other at the dance class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1032
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Dunbar is an oterer. Sax is a senficer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Blasi is a gladiower. Blasi, Dunbar, and Sax came across each other at the comic book expo. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1033
Padron is a motaswer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Shamburger is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brunetti is a turter. Brunetti, Padron, and Shamburger came across each other at the theater festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1034
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Warnock is an intensier. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Emig is a senficer. Hamil is a ripteminer. At the french class, Emig, Warnock, and Hamil ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1035
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Terranova is an enager. Trautman is a bareer. Cutting is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the specialty retail store, Cutting, Terranova, and Trautman ran into each other. The market is a big source of income for many people. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1036
Arsenault is a stafker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Record is a mornisdeiver. Dam is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the local reading, Dam, Arsenault, and Record met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1037
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lotz is a turter. Nebel is an enager. Rotella is an intensier. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Nebel, Lotz, and Rotella connected at the stadium. There are some good options for food too. They reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1038
Hamil is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Goode is an ointer. Scarpelli is a ceeper. Goode, Hamil, and Scarpelli connected at the business expo. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1039
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gomez is a musorder. Palo is an intensier. Kulkarni is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gomez, Kulkarni, and Palo connected at the winery tour. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1040
Wilkerson is a senficer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bruss is a mamser. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Lauderdale is a chopher. At the music and art festival, Wilkerson, Bruss, and Lauderdale met. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1041
Pafford is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Saetern is an enager. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Canale is an intensier. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the book store, Pafford, Saetern, and Canale connected. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1042
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sturm is an oterer. Zaidi is a bareer. Lammers is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food festival, Zaidi, Lammers, and Sturm connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1043
Fofana is a gladiower. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Stam is a stafker. Speicher is a turter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the local reading, Stam, Speicher, and Fofana met. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1044
Varga is a wairer. Merrifield is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Bible is a gladiower. At the volunteer work, Bible, Merrifield, and Varga connected. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1045
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Desantis is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kinkead is a wairer. Gaw is a motaswer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the charity car wash, Gaw, Desantis, and Kinkead ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1046
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Sarinana is a ripteminer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Holliman is a turter. Zaleski is a basrer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Zaleski, Holliman, and Sarinana came across each other at the retreat. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1047
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sergent is a gladiower. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Birdwell is a ripteminer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Fulkerson is a wairer. At the museum, Fulkerson, Sergent, and Birdwell ran into each other. The museum has no such thing as free entry. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1048
Mcswain is a wairer. Rothenberg is a popesmer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Borger is an agovember. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the museum tour, Rothenberg, Mcswain, and Borger connected. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1049
Stager is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hoots is a chopher. Hackley is a basrer. Hoots, Stager, and Hackley came across each other at the street fair. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1050
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Fizer is a mamser. Deans is an agovember. Adamo is a basrer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Deans, Fizer, and Adamo came across each other at the food and drink festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ze reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1051
Dant is a bareer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Florio is a wairer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mailloux is an agovember. Florio, Mailloux, and Dant connected at the winery tour. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1052
Boan is a chopher. Pass is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Hardison is a wairer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the archery class, Boan, Hardison, and Pass met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1053
Turman is a popesmer. Ernst is an enager. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Paull is a stafker. Paull, Ernst, and Turman came across each other at the school reunion. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1054
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Montejo is a ripteminer. Vasquez is a wairer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Farrow is a musorder. At the yoga class, Vasquez, Farrow, and Montejo met. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1055
Damiani is a gladiower. Starcher is a musorder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cathey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Starcher, Damiani, and Cathey came across each other at the yoga studio. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1056
Devore is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nee is a mamser. Lally is a mornisdeiver. Devore, Nee, and Lally came across each other at the stadium. It is fun to play here. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1057
Oglesby is a gladiower. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Labonte is a ripteminer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bastidas is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Labonte, Oglesby, and Bastidas came across each other at the high intensity class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1058
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Madriz is an enager. Coelho is a mornisdeiver. Ogle is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the food and drink festival, Ogle, Coelho, and Madriz met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1059
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fenske is a mamser. Pendley is a bareer. English is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the winery tour, Pendley, English, and Fenske connected. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1060
Sydnor is a stafker. Hawker is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Baeza is a motaswer. Sydnor, Baeza, and Hawker came across each other at the wine tasting. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1061
Falconer is a wairer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Waldrep is an oterer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Cavitt is an intensier. At the crossfit class, Falconer, Cavitt, and Waldrep ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ey reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1062
Tiedemann is a ceeper. Partington is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Crumpton is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the volunteer work, Tiedemann, Crumpton, and Partington met. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1063
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Bond is a mornisdeiver. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Garduno is a turter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gaye is an enager. At the high intensity class, Garduno, Gaye, and Bond ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1064
Kinnison is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ort is a turter. Batra is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the yoga class, Batra, Ort, and Kinnison ran into each other. Yoga is best done in silence. They reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1065
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Munk is a gladiower. Thrash is an enager. Medellin is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the yoga studio, Thrash, Munk, and Medellin met. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1066
Dombroski is a turter. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bing is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Alleyne is a wairer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the community service day event, Alleyne, Dombroski, and Bing met. It is important to work together. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1067
Pestana is a ceeper. Godoy is a basrer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Gooch is an agovember. At the dance class, Pestana, Gooch, and Godoy met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1068
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Parkes is a stafker. Eddings is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Htoo is a motaswer. At the retreat, Eddings, Parkes, and Htoo met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1069
Finck is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Updike is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Buckmaster is an oterer. At the archery class, Finck, Buckmaster, and Updike ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1070
Araujo is a wairer. Mendoza is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hurn is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Araujo, Mendoza, and Hurn connected at the dance class. This class has amazing outcomes. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1071
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Millman is an enager. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Renteria is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Dahlke is a musorder. At the music and art festival, Dahlke, Millman, and Renteria ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1072
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fuentes is a bareer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Paquin is a musorder. Simonds is a senficer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Fuentes, Simonds, and Paquin came across each other at the theme park. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1073
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Adcock is a ceeper. Gist is a mornisdeiver. Oconnor is a wairer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the theater festival, Adcock, Gist, and Oconnor connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1074
Fogle is a gladiower. Yuen is a wairer. Stier is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Fogle, Yuen, and Stier connected at the museum. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1075
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Squires is a popesmer. Ito is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Holguin is a ceeper. At the school reunion, Holguin, Squires, and Ito ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1076
Rauscher is a wairer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sanderlin is a chopher. Broder is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the archery class, Sanderlin, Rauscher, and Broder ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1077
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Beltre is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lebo is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cude is an ointer. At the winery tour, Lebo, Beltre, and Cude connected. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1078
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Tamura is an ointer. Martello is a bareer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Suda is a turter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Martello, Suda, and Tamura connected at the food festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1079
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Waldrup is an intensier. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Gipson is a bareer. Mullaney is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the local reading, Gipson, Mullaney, and Waldrup connected. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1080
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Scurlock is a gladiower. Parkhill is a popesmer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Depue is a stafker. At the job fair, Scurlock, Parkhill, and Depue met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1081
Silvers is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cantor is a gladiower. Capuano is a ripteminer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the group vacation, Capuano, Cantor, and Silvers connected. Tours help one discover the city. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1082
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Fujimoto is an enager. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Solorio is a basrer. Dipietro is a stafker. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the food and drink festival, Solorio, Dipietro, and Fujimoto connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1083
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bottorff is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Given is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Highsmith is an ointer. At the volunteer work, Highsmith, Bottorff, and Given connected. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1084
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Hosley is a turter. Galicia is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Lumley is a chopher. Hosley, Galicia, and Lumley connected at the comic book expo. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1085
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Magee is a musorder. Belmontes is a mamser. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Locascio is a wairer. At the french class, Belmontes, Locascio, and Magee connected. Classes are well organized. Ey told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1086
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Siguenza is an oterer. Uribe is an enager. Frye is a wairer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the theme park, Siguenza, Uribe, and Frye ran into each other. The park has a park toilet as well! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1087
Rexrode is an enager. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Wilbourn is a turter. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Purdie is a musorder. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the food and drink festival, Purdie, Wilbourn, and Rexrode ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1088
Diebold is an agovember. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Erdmann is a ripteminer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Halford is a popesmer. Halford, Diebold, and Erdmann came across each other at the group vacation. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1089
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Zellmer is a ripteminer. Girton is a bareer. Hutchins is an oterer. Girton, Zellmer, and Hutchins came across each other at the crossfit class. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1090
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Watford is a motaswer. Briner is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Estep is an agovember. At the theater festival, Estep, Watford, and Briner met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1091
Couch is a chopher. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Aldama is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Berman is a stafker. At the winery tour, Berman, Couch, and Aldama connected. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1092
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Tarnowski is an agovember. Weimer is a stafker. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Wilkerson is a mamser. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Weimer, Tarnowski, and Wilkerson connected at the crossfit class. Classes are well organized. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1093
Samayoa is a basrer. Burling is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Goshorn is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Samayoa, Goshorn, and Burling came across each other at the restaurant. The place is nice. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1094
Gowdy is a wairer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Levey is an oterer. Upchurch is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the charity car wash, Levey, Gowdy, and Upchurch met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1095
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Bales is a popesmer. Madore is a musorder. Hemminger is an ointer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bales, Madore, and Hemminger came across each other at the food festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1096
Sowers is an oterer. Kappler is a wairer. Mcnulty is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcnulty, Sowers, and Kappler came across each other at the yoga studio. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1097
Sax is a mornisdeiver. Hutchens is a musorder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Byerley is an oterer. At the boardwalk arcade, Hutchens, Byerley, and Sax connected. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1098
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcintyre is a motaswer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Poorman is an oterer. Everman is an enager. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Everman, Poorman, and Mcintyre connected at the local reading. Book clubs help expand social circles. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1099
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hendricks is a popesmer. Allender is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ascencio is a motaswer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Allender, Ascencio, and Hendricks came across each other at the comic book expo. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1100
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Pedroza is a bareer. Posadas is an intensier. Nantz is a basrer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Pedroza, Nantz, and Posadas came across each other at the yoga studio. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1101
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Carruth is a ripteminer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Donaghy is a turter. Endres is a senficer. At the charity car wash, Carruth, Endres, and Donaghy ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1102
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Edelman is a wairer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Look is a stafker. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Pritchard is an intensier. At the dance class, Look, Edelman, and Pritchard connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1103
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Pham is a turter. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hillhouse is a senficer. Luce is a mornisdeiver. At the french class, Luce, Pham, and Hillhouse connected. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1104
Moraga is an intensier. Doud is a stafker. Brasfield is an oterer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the crossfit class, Brasfield, Moraga, and Doud ran into each other. It's a huge place! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1105
Ernst is a wairer. Conroy is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Velasco is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Conroy, Ernst, and Velasco connected at the book store. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1106
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Galindez is an enager. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Moraga is a musorder. Golla is a ceeper. Moraga, Golla, and Galindez connected at the food festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1107
Lisowski is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Richey is a turter. Quiros is a stafker. Lisowski, Quiros, and Richey came across each other at the community service day event. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1108
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ellett is an oterer. Rimer is a ripteminer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lucarelli is a popesmer. At the local reading, Ellett, Lucarelli, and Rimer met. Book clubs help expand social circles. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1109
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Cluck is a chopher. Dalke is a motaswer. Stoll is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the volunteer work, Stoll, Cluck, and Dalke connected. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1110
Wolfer is a motaswer. Koepp is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Manske is an oterer. At the group vacation, Manske, Wolfer, and Koepp ran into each other. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1111
Niemi is a turter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Knecht is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Kiss is an intensier. Kiss, Knecht, and Niemi came across each other at the museum. Museums have free exhibitions. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1112
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Tuten is a gladiower. Freel is a chopher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Piceno is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Piceno, Tuten, and Freel came across each other at the theater festival. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1113
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Norcross is an oterer. Weinstein is a gladiower. Laverty is a mamser. Laverty, Weinstein, and Norcross connected at the yoga studio. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1114
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Millender is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hattaway is a stafker. Ransdell is a gladiower. At the yoga class, Millender, Ransdell, and Hattaway ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1115
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fewell is a motaswer. Normand is a bareer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Runge is an enager. At the boardwalk arcade, Fewell, Runge, and Normand met. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1116
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Mcaleer is a ripteminer. Greenberg is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Welk is an agovember. At the local reading, Greenberg, Mcaleer, and Welk ran into each other. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1117
Gallant is a ceeper. Oxford is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Whaley is an agovember. At the yoga class, Whaley, Oxford, and Gallant ran into each other. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1118
Mattocks is an enager. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Manners is a mamser. Hankinson is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hankinson, Mattocks, and Manners came across each other at the community service day event. It is important to work together. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1119
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Sauceda is a ceeper. Warburton is an intensier. Cervera is an agovember. At the retreat, Sauceda, Cervera, and Warburton connected. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1120
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Draeger is a basrer. Cull is a stafker. Hesser is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Draeger, Hesser, and Cull came across each other at the music and art festival. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1121
Kershner is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Chew is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Newcombe is a basrer. At the charity car wash, Kershner, Chew, and Newcombe connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1122
Aldape is a musorder. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Segal is a ripteminer. Sugar is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Aldape, Sugar, and Segal came across each other at the yoga studio. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. They reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1123
Kaster is an agovember. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Evers is a motaswer. Wingate is an enager. At the winery tour, Kaster, Evers, and Wingate met. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1124
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Zellmer is an ointer. Labounty is a chopher. Hipps is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the car show, Labounty, Hipps, and Zellmer ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1125
Demeo is a chopher. Lampley is a basrer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Eager is an enager. Demeo, Lampley, and Eager came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1126
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Katona is a musorder. Ranallo is a bareer. Nunn is a motaswer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the open gallery museum, Ranallo, Katona, and Nunn met. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1127
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Brace is a basrer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Hoback is a turter. Mcentee is an enager. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the school reunion, Hoback, Mcentee, and Brace met. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1128
Bastida is a senficer. Brodsky is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ebersole is an intensier. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the local reading, Ebersole, Brodsky, and Bastida connected. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1129
Hague is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gadsden is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Manners is an oterer. Hague, Gadsden, and Manners connected at the community service day event. The place is very beautiful. They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1130
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Quattlebaum is an oterer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Calderone is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Silva is a senficer. At the book store, Silva, Quattlebaum, and Calderone ran into each other. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1131
Maslowski is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bramble is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Dattilo is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the stadium, Maslowski, Bramble, and Dattilo ran into each other. There is plenty of food to eat here. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1132
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Satter is a ripteminer. Chmura is a basrer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Reimers is an oterer. At the street fair, Reimers, Satter, and Chmura connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1133
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Sumlin is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Glasper is an intensier. Stocks is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stocks, Sumlin, and Glasper connected at the car show. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1134
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Saville is an ointer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Cervera is an enager. Wurm is a musorder. At the car show, Saville, Cervera, and Wurm met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1135
Merrifield is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Myint is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Doman is a ceeper. At the specialty retail store, Merrifield, Myint, and Doman ran into each other. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1136
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Degnan is a ceeper. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Harwell is a senficer. Shimabukuro is a stafker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the school reunion, Harwell, Shimabukuro, and Degnan met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1137
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Atwood is an enager. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Edgerly is an agovember. Layman is a stafker. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the food festival, Edgerly, Atwood, and Layman met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1138
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Condron is an agovember. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Zellmer is a basrer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Liddle is a mamser. At the dance class, Condron, Zellmer, and Liddle connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1139
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Knuth is a stafker. Godin is a senficer. Wilbourn is a ceeper. Wilbourn, Knuth, and Godin came across each other at the restaurant. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1140
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kreger is a gladiower. Kern is an enager. Schaaf is an oterer. Kreger, Kern, and Schaaf connected at the specialty retail store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1141
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Vecchio is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Labounty is a ceeper. Kinman is a gladiower. Vecchio, Kinman, and Labounty came across each other at the music and art festival. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1142
Carvajal is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Auclair is a chopher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Foltz is a gladiower. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the crossfit class, Auclair, Carvajal, and Foltz met. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1143
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Merkle is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Vanorden is an oterer. Pickle is a musorder. Pickle, Vanorden, and Merkle came across each other at the yoga studio. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1144
Mcknight is a senficer. Robichaux is a turter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Leger is a mornisdeiver. At the theme park, Mcknight, Robichaux, and Leger met. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1145
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Vides is an agovember. Tibbits is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Vieira is a gladiower. Vieira, Vides, and Tibbits came across each other at the specialty retail store. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1146
Grosz is a basrer. Lovern is an enager. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Croy is a ceeper. At the car show, Croy, Lovern, and Grosz connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1147
Mui is a bareer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Mcinnis is a turter. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Storck is a mamser. Mui, Mcinnis, and Storck connected at the street fair. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1148
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Fleishman is an agovember. Prill is a gladiower. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Fauver is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Prill, Fleishman, and Fauver connected at the food festival. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1149
Kalish is a basrer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hornberger is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gallego is an agovember. Hornberger, Gallego, and Kalish connected at the car show. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1150
Eshleman is a ceeper. Menzel is a basrer. Mcgowen is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcgowen, Menzel, and Eshleman came across each other at the street fair. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1151
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hardeman is a chopher. Whitcomb is a basrer. Blaney is a ceeper. At the dance class, Blaney, Hardeman, and Whitcomb connected. The class is fun! He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1152
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Siegel is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ferrel is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Kittinger is a basrer. Ferrel, Siegel, and Kittinger connected at the beer making classes. It's a huge place! He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1153
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Munk is a popesmer. Cone is a chopher. Bhuiyan is an agovember. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Bhuiyan, Cone, and Munk connected at the food festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1154
Sensenig is a gladiower. Chadha is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Meltzer is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the car show, Meltzer, Chadha, and Sensenig met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1155
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Sydnor is a wairer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kromer is a popesmer. Dietzel is a motaswer. At the dance class, Sydnor, Dietzel, and Kromer connected. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1156
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Quinteros is a chopher. Wilbanks is a ceeper. Schulte is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Quinteros, Wilbanks, and Schulte connected. There is plenty of food to eat here. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1157
Castrejon is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Delorenzo is a gladiower. Rawlins is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the high intensity class, Delorenzo, Rawlins, and Castrejon met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1158
Jenkins is a musorder. Blakeney is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Bentz is an ointer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Jenkins, Bentz, and Blakeney connected at the open gallery museum. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1159
Cribb is a stafker. Desousa is a mornisdeiver. Knaus is a chopher. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Knaus, Cribb, and Desousa connected at the job fair. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1160
Johns is a motaswer. Willman is a musorder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gelinas is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the yoga studio, Willman, Gelinas, and Johns ran into each other. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1161
Wickersham is a senficer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Sheetz is a popesmer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Breitenstein is an ointer. At the business expo, Sheetz, Wickersham, and Breitenstein connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1162
Senn is a popesmer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fowlkes is a mornisdeiver. Dunnigan is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Fowlkes, Dunnigan, and Senn came across each other at the french class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1163
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Robidoux is a wairer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Swarthout is a turter. Lalonde is a gladiower. Swarthout, Lalonde, and Robidoux connected at the theme park. The park is good. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1164
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Christmas is a ripteminer. Brickman is a bareer. Greve is an ointer. Christmas, Greve, and Brickman came across each other at the crossfit class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1165
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Miramontes is a wairer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fewell is a senficer. Shubert is a motaswer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Miramontes, Fewell, and Shubert came across each other at the high intensity class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1166
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Tingler is a mornisdeiver. Heinemann is a stafker. Pickrell is an agovember. Tingler, Heinemann, and Pickrell connected at the food festival. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1167
Medlock is a turter. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Weyant is an ointer. Eckstein is an enager. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the charity car wash, Medlock, Weyant, and Eckstein connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1168
Manrique is a gladiower. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Weinstein is an enager. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Bachmeier is a turter. At the theater festival, Weinstein, Bachmeier, and Manrique connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1169
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Tant is a gladiower. Pattison is a basrer. Jeong is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the dance class, Pattison, Tant, and Jeong ran into each other. The class is fun! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1170
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Emert is a wairer. Villasenor is a bareer. Tarnowski is an enager. At the specialty retail store, Villasenor, Tarnowski, and Emert met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1171
Allender is a senficer. Gingras is a gladiower. Bedard is a musorder. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the charity car wash, Bedard, Gingras, and Allender met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1172
Sparkman is a ripteminer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Steiger is an ointer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Winsett is an enager. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the open mic night, Steiger, Winsett, and Sparkman ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1173
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Espy is a ceeper. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Florio is an enager. Flock is a mamser. At the archery class, Florio, Espy, and Flock met. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1174
Begin is a ripteminer. Chamness is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kirkendall is an oterer. At the community service day event, Kirkendall, Chamness, and Begin met. The place is very beautiful. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1175
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Greenstein is a bareer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lenhart is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Binford is a mamser. At the food and drink festival, Lenhart, Greenstein, and Binford connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1176
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Gelinas is a senficer. Burnley is a turter. Swarts is an enager. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the archery class, Burnley, Swarts, and Gelinas met. The class has interesting sessions. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1177
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bohannan is a basrer. Oberlin is a gladiower. Bjork is a bareer. Oberlin, Bohannan, and Bjork connected at the theater festival. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1178
Carvajal is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Erby is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Saari is a turter. At the yoga class, Carvajal, Saari, and Erby ran into each other. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1179
Kluck is a chopher. Feng is a wairer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Sines is a turter. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the street fair, Feng, Kluck, and Sines ran into each other. It is open to the public. Ze told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1180
Maciejewski is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Devault is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Gatto is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the high intensity class, Gatto, Maciejewski, and Devault ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1181
Walls is a basrer. Covert is a ceeper. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Petrosyan is a popesmer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the street fair, Petrosyan, Covert, and Walls met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1182
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Quarles is a mamser. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Matte is an intensier. Doolittle is a mornisdeiver. Matte, Quarles, and Doolittle connected at the music and art festival. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1183
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Woolley is an oterer. Espana is a gladiower. Counts is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the wine tasting, Espana, Counts, and Woolley met. The coffee tastes good. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1184
Aviles is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Mckeen is a popesmer. Painter is a stafker. At the yoga class, Aviles, Mckeen, and Painter ran into each other. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. They told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1185
Peasley is a musorder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Grindstaff is a ceeper. Schuldt is a gladiower. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Grindstaff, Peasley, and Schuldt connected at the volunteer work. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1186
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Gaona is a wairer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hardison is a musorder. Greenman is a turter. At the commuter bus, Gaona, Greenman, and Hardison connected. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1187
Salyers is a wairer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Wehner is a musorder. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Broder is a bareer. At the dance class, Salyers, Broder, and Wehner ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1188
Rybak is a ripteminer. Tollison is a musorder. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Brokaw is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the business expo, Brokaw, Tollison, and Rybak ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1189
Ringgold is a turter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Halford is an intensier. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Armbruster is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Halford, Armbruster, and Ringgold connected at the theme park. The park is super crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1190
Seto is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Steptoe is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Curiel is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the french class, Steptoe, Curiel, and Seto connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1191
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Bangs is an enager. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Vannatta is a mamser. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Penix is a ripteminer. At the music and art festival, Bangs, Penix, and Vannatta connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1192
Juneau is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Glessner is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Koop is a stafker. At the comic book expo, Glessner, Juneau, and Koop ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1193
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Witek is an ointer. Pyron is an intensier. Cuadra is a chopher. At the archery class, Pyron, Cuadra, and Witek ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1194
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pooley is a motaswer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Quayle is a popesmer. Sheley is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the charity car wash, Pooley, Quayle, and Sheley met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1195
Lally is an intensier. Nickerson is an oterer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Polite is a popesmer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the yoga class, Lally, Nickerson, and Polite connected. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1196
Kistler is a stafker. Berns is a popesmer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Spector is a wairer. Spector, Berns, and Kistler connected at the open gallery museum. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1197
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Ripple is a mamser. Hennings is a chopher. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Lafave is a turter. Hennings, Lafave, and Ripple connected at the stadium. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1198
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Harn is an agovember. Popa is an ointer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Borntreger is a popesmer. At the comic book expo, Popa, Harn, and Borntreger ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1199
Vargas is a musorder. Doucette is a senficer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bonet is an oterer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the open gallery museum, Bonet, Vargas, and Doucette ran into each other. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1200
Liska is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Topper is an enager. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Harder is a wairer. At the music and art festival, Topper, Liska, and Harder ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1201
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mailloux is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pauli is a ceeper. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Dahlgren is an agovember. At the business expo, Dahlgren, Mailloux, and Pauli ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. Ey told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1202
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Badeaux is a stafker. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Knepp is an enager. Ferber is a popesmer. At the music and art festival, Ferber, Badeaux, and Knepp ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1203
Peterkin is a ripteminer. Coletti is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gebhardt is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Gebhardt, Peterkin, and Coletti came across each other at the local reading. Book clubs help expand social circles. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1204
Mellinger is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Cupples is a mamser. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Scales is an agovember. Mellinger, Scales, and Cupples came across each other at the job fair. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1205
Villegas is a bareer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ryba is an ointer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Badilla is a musorder. At the food festival, Villegas, Ryba, and Badilla ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1206
Leath is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Pietsch is a senficer. Ayotte is a turter. Ayotte, Pietsch, and Leath came across each other at the volunteer work. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1207
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Alleyne is a mamser. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Erby is a motaswer. Osborn is a gladiower. Alleyne, Erby, and Osborn came across each other at the comic book expo. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1208
Brazell is an intensier. Normandin is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Meader is an enager. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the open gallery museum, Normandin, Brazell, and Meader connected. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1209
Begum is a mamser. Fankhauser is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Heuser is a bareer. At the archery class, Fankhauser, Begum, and Heuser connected. It's a huge place! He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1210
Frailey is a turter. Bonet is a stafker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Metzger is an intensier. At the food festival, Metzger, Bonet, and Frailey met. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1211
Caliendo is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Yerger is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Newlin is an agovember. Yerger, Caliendo, and Newlin connected at the boardwalk arcade. The games are a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1212
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Goldberger is a chopher. Hembree is a senficer. Hoback is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the job fair, Hoback, Goldberger, and Hembree met. The event is free and open to all people. They told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1213
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Koons is a bareer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Profitt is a senficer. Saltz is a wairer. At the winery tour, Koons, Profitt, and Saltz connected. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1214
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Froelich is a wairer. Metheny is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Burnham is an agovember. Froelich, Metheny, and Burnham came across each other at the comic book expo. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1215
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Doll is a mamser. Batra is a stafker. Earley is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Earley, Batra, and Doll connected at the archery class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1216
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Allender is a stafker. Dittrich is a basrer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lacher is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Dittrich, Allender, and Lacher came across each other at the music and art festival. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1217
Flack is an ointer. Roye is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mcnair is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Flack, Mcnair, and Roye connected at the community service day event. We have to work together through different platforms. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1218
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ferebee is an enager. Largo is a motaswer. Lacourse is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the theme park, Largo, Ferebee, and Lacourse met. The picnic line is very short in this park. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1219
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Erskine is an agovember. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bossert is a senficer. Muszynski is a musorder. Muszynski, Erskine, and Bossert connected at the car show. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1220
Paulsen is a chopher. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Antuna is a ripteminer. Peifer is a turter. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the beer making classes, Antuna, Peifer, and Paulsen ran into each other. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1221
Martini is a ripteminer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Blackstone is a ceeper. Baham is a motaswer. At the open gallery museum, Martini, Baham, and Blackstone met. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1222
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Laferriere is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Barbee is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Metcalfe is an intensier. At the museum tour, Laferriere, Metcalfe, and Barbee ran into each other. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1223
Kolesar is a wairer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Margolis is a chopher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ernst is a gladiower. Kolesar, Ernst, and Margolis came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1224
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Desautels is a bareer. Pile is a mornisdeiver. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Niemi is a musorder. At the job fair, Niemi, Desautels, and Pile connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1225
Perezperez is a ceeper. Chagoya is a bareer. Lacourse is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lacourse, Chagoya, and Perezperez came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1226
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Pulley is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Noto is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tieman is a basrer. At the open gallery museum, Tieman, Noto, and Pulley ran into each other. The museum has many ancient things. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1227
Keil is a wairer. Ogawa is an intensier. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mangus is a chopher. Mangus, Keil, and Ogawa connected at the food and drink festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1228
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Swindell is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cude is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Shorey is an agovember. Cude, Shorey, and Swindell came across each other at the school reunion. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1229
Pinkston is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stach is a motaswer. Ahart is an ointer. At the volunteer work, Stach, Ahart, and Pinkston connected. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1230
Oberg is a ripteminer. Witherow is an agovember. Mceachin is a motaswer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Witherow, Mceachin, and Oberg came across each other at the food and drink festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1231
Forde is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Musgrove is a turter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Purdie is a mornisdeiver. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the book store, Musgrove, Purdie, and Forde connected. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1232
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Gordan is a mamser. Florio is a senficer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Pipes is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the museum tour, Pipes, Florio, and Gordan connected. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1233
Severson is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Moylan is a popesmer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Gearhart is an intensier. At the yoga studio, Severson, Moylan, and Gearhart connected. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1234
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Moretz is a popesmer. Hegedus is a bareer. Warriner is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Moretz, Hegedus, and Warriner connected at the specialty retail store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1235
Talarico is a ripteminer. Wingard is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Astacio is a turter. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Talarico, Astacio, and Wingard came across each other at the street fair. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1236
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Hasty is a ceeper. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sines is a bareer. Polansky is an enager. Polansky, Hasty, and Sines connected at the open mic night. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1237
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Losee is a stafker. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Markley is a wairer. Brescia is a ripteminer. Brescia, Losee, and Markley connected at the archery class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1238
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Geraci is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Veal is a stafker. Haislip is a ceeper. At the local reading, Veal, Haislip, and Geraci met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1239
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Eberhart is a popesmer. Breunig is an oterer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Whigham is a chopher. At the local reading, Eberhart, Whigham, and Breunig ran into each other. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1240
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Hering is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Northcutt is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Min is an enager. Min, Northcutt, and Hering connected at the dance class. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1241
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Witcher is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Bowker is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bruni is a chopher. At the crossfit class, Bowker, Bruni, and Witcher met. Each session teaches a different theme. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1242
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Jorgenson is a stafker. Fergus is a mamser. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Stich is an enager. Stich, Fergus, and Jorgenson connected at the business expo. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1243
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Nester is a ripteminer. Pickle is a popesmer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Verner is a chopher. At the dance class, Nester, Verner, and Pickle ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1244
Estevez is an agovember. Timm is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Gebhart is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Gebhart, Estevez, and Timm connected at the volunteer work. Volunteering will bring confidence. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1245
Shamburger is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Haney is a popesmer. Snively is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Snively, Haney, and Shamburger connected at the job fair. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1246
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Marten is a senficer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Plott is a wairer. Wimbley is a gladiower. At the open mic night, Plott, Wimbley, and Marten ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1247
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mckellar is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Aguinaldo is a turter. Brugger is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Brugger, Aguinaldo, and Mckellar came across each other at the stadium. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1248
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Brey is a senficer. Weisz is a musorder. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Rumph is a popesmer. At the restaurant, Brey, Rumph, and Weisz met. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1249
Topper is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Coppage is a mamser. Pattison is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the music and art festival, Topper, Coppage, and Pattison connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1250
Gully is a mamser. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Konopka is a gladiower. Drews is an intensier. Drews, Gully, and Konopka came across each other at the beer making classes. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1251
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Bello is a musorder. Hartman is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Richey is a stafker. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the comic book expo, Bello, Hartman, and Richey connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1252
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Shepardson is a bareer. Schmelzer is a chopher. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Finnell is a motaswer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the yoga class, Shepardson, Finnell, and Schmelzer ran into each other. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1253
Burtch is a musorder. Laureano is a chopher. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Killen is a mamser. At the theme park, Killen, Burtch, and Laureano ran into each other. The park looks nice. Ze reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1254
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Liu is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Macaluso is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dishman is a popesmer. At the street fair, Dishman, Liu, and Macaluso ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1255
Pritts is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Gebhardt is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Bye is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the book store, Bye, Pritts, and Gebhardt connected. There are ways to find the great websites out there. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1256
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Croy is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Merkle is an oterer. Quick is a ceeper. At the volunteer work, Quick, Merkle, and Croy met. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1257
Apgar is a ripteminer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Perkinson is a popesmer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hathcock is an intensier. At the food festival, Apgar, Perkinson, and Hathcock ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1258
Hornsby is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Zurcher is a stafker. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Metcalf is a musorder. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the car show, Metcalf, Hornsby, and Zurcher connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1259
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bruning is a turter. Suh is a popesmer. Menke is a chopher. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the volunteer work, Bruning, Suh, and Menke met. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1260
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sanderson is an agovember. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Prewitt is an intensier. Watrous is a mamser. At the commuter bus, Prewitt, Sanderson, and Watrous ran into each other. The public transports are public. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1261
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Rutt is an intensier. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Warnick is an agovember. Dotson is a popesmer. Rutt, Dotson, and Warnick connected at the specialty retail store. The market is divided into sub-markets. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1262
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Jovanovic is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Haddad is an oterer. Loder is an ointer. At the restaurant, Jovanovic, Loder, and Haddad ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1263
Wallin is an enager. Klemm is a bareer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Greaves is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Wallin, Klemm, and Greaves connected at the museum. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1264
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Starke is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Koster is a mamser. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ricker is a wairer. At the community service day event, Koster, Ricker, and Starke met. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1265
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lohse is an intensier. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Antonelli is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Maule is a basrer. At the boardwalk arcade, Lohse, Antonelli, and Maule met. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1266
Ouzts is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hutchins is a ripteminer. Ternes is a turter. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the wine tasting, Ternes, Ouzts, and Hutchins met. The coffee tea is great. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1267
Avina is a wairer. Corriveau is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bittinger is an oterer. At the dance class, Corriveau, Bittinger, and Avina met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1268
Christensen is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Suchy is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Conerly is a basrer. At the wine tasting, Suchy, Christensen, and Conerly connected. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1269
Loo is a mamser. Poyner is an intensier. Mclendon is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the yoga studio, Poyner, Loo, and Mclendon met. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1270
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mowers is a mamser. Lauderdale is a ripteminer. Oquinn is an agovember. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Lauderdale, Mowers, and Oquinn came across each other at the school reunion. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1271
Vanwyk is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Wolcott is a gladiower. Nations is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the crossfit class, Vanwyk, Wolcott, and Nations met. Each session teaches a different theme. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1272
Agostini is a wairer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Jury is a mamser. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Blick is a motaswer. At the yoga class, Blick, Jury, and Agostini connected. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. Ey told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1273
Mock is a ceeper. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Frierson is a turter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Climer is an agovember. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the open gallery museum, Mock, Climer, and Frierson ran into each other. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1274
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Chou is a stafker. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Kleven is a ripteminer. Pavao is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the crossfit class, Pavao, Chou, and Kleven met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1275
Fain is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Rath is a senficer. Poppe is an ointer. At the community service day event, Rath, Fain, and Poppe met. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1276
Brunetti is a stafker. Beery is an intensier. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Boswell is a ripteminer. At the car show, Beery, Boswell, and Brunetti ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1277
Sego is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Roblero is a motaswer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Markovich is a musorder. At the job fair, Markovich, Sego, and Roblero met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1278
Caplinger is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Nies is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Botsford is a motaswer. Nies, Caplinger, and Botsford came across each other at the museum. The museum would be great to come back again and again! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1279
Friedel is an agovember. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Boydston is a mornisdeiver. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Desouza is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the theme park, Friedel, Desouza, and Boydston connected. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1280
Bittle is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Wiltse is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Veach is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food and drink festival, Veach, Wiltse, and Bittle met. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1281
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Huckabee is a motaswer. Garg is a musorder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gimbel is an oterer. Huckabee, Garg, and Gimbel connected at the yoga class. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1282
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Gaskill is a turter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Alt is a motaswer. Fergus is a ceeper. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the food festival, Alt, Fergus, and Gaskill connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1283
Hampshire is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kulas is a motaswer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Hause is a ripteminer. Kulas, Hampshire, and Hause came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. The games are a lot of fun. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1284
Prill is a turter. Zhu is a mornisdeiver. Pellot is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Zhu, Prill, and Pellot came across each other at the commuter bus. People have different schedules. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1285
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Hastie is a turter. Boyden is a senficer. Quigley is a bareer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Quigley, Boyden, and Hastie came across each other at the theme park. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1286
Studley is a basrer. Davies is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Ng is a mamser. Ng, Studley, and Davies came across each other at the group vacation. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1287
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Segars is a ripteminer. Tiner is a mamser. Krieger is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the french class, Segars, Tiner, and Krieger met. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1288
Loggins is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chahal is a ceeper. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Doster is an agovember. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Doster, Chahal, and Loggins connected at the retreat. The party is also filled by the band. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1289
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Rozanski is a stafker. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Sorrells is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Pasco is a turter. At the comic book expo, Pasco, Rozanski, and Sorrells met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1290
Canales is a stafker. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Loria is a motaswer. Setzer is a bareer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the music and art festival, Canales, Setzer, and Loria ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1291
Galyon is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cyr is an ointer. Vezina is a mamser. At the business expo, Cyr, Vezina, and Galyon ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. Ey told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1292
Urrutia is a motaswer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sorenson is a senficer. Bradberry is a musorder. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Sorenson, Bradberry, and Urrutia connected at the street fair. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1293
Kos is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Schiff is a wairer. Corson is a motaswer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the french class, Corson, Schiff, and Kos ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1294
Duhon is a bareer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Orner is a stafker. Blackwelder is a musorder. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the crossfit class, Duhon, Orner, and Blackwelder ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1295
Revels is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lederer is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Chaudhry is a ceeper. Revels, Chaudhry, and Lederer connected at the yoga class. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1296
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Board is an ointer. Zelaya is a chopher. Willhite is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Board, Zelaya, and Willhite connected at the winery tour. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1297
Hosley is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Mcwhorter is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Gruber is a senficer. At the yoga class, Gruber, Mcwhorter, and Hosley ran into each other. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1298
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Salamanca is an agovember. Dehn is a mornisdeiver. Currie is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Currie, Salamanca, and Dehn connected at the open gallery museum. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1299
Carpio is an enager. Dove is a mamser. Dunnigan is a turter. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Dunnigan, Dove, and Carpio connected at the open gallery museum. Museums have free exhibitions. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1300
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Mock is a popesmer. Keppler is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Valeriano is an oterer. Mock, Valeriano, and Keppler came across each other at the commuter bus. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1301
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Prewitt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Baires is a turter. Bugarin is a mamser. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the theme park, Prewitt, Baires, and Bugarin ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1302
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Euceda is a wairer. Feng is a stafker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Capuano is an intensier. Feng, Capuano, and Euceda came across each other at the dance class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1303
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Ochoa is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Alcock is an enager. Sugarman is a mornisdeiver. At the boardwalk arcade, Ochoa, Sugarman, and Alcock met. It is fun to play here. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1304
Simoneaux is a mamser. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Choe is a ripteminer. Tome is a chopher. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Simoneaux, Choe, and Tome came across each other at the restaurant. It is a cool place to hang out. Ze told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1305
Feltner is a basrer. Shires is a bareer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Tsang is a chopher. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the food festival, Feltner, Shires, and Tsang connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1306
Broad is an intensier. Mulvaney is a chopher. Goddard is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Broad, Goddard, and Mulvaney connected at the open mic night. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. They reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1307
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Her is a mamser. Shire is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Risch is a basrer. Shire, Risch, and Her connected at the boardwalk arcade. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1308
Schoonover is a bareer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chilson is an oterer. Vandoren is a basrer. At the high intensity class, Schoonover, Vandoren, and Chilson connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1309
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Gowdy is a mamser. Nickerson is a bareer. Ashman is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the group vacation, Ashman, Nickerson, and Gowdy met. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1310
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hudnall is a gladiower. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mohn is a mamser. Delafuente is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the book store, Hudnall, Delafuente, and Mohn connected. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1311
Kistler is a musorder. Hunsicker is an intensier. Higareda is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kistler, Hunsicker, and Higareda came across each other at the specialty retail store. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1312
Ferman is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Hurwitz is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Northcutt is a motaswer. At the restaurant, Hurwitz, Ferman, and Northcutt connected. The place was crowded. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1313
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Santillo is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Neblett is a stafker. Hackney is a basrer. At the food festival, Santillo, Hackney, and Neblett met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1314
Wortham is an ointer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Bunker is a mamser. Geraghty is a popesmer. At the book store, Bunker, Geraghty, and Wortham connected. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1315
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Hiers is an intensier. Bosworth is a chopher. Vanetten is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the commuter bus, Vanetten, Hiers, and Bosworth ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1316
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Corbo is a ceeper. Teter is a ripteminer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hennings is a mamser. Hennings, Corbo, and Teter came across each other at the local reading. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1317
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Larios is a senficer. Spain is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Fewell is an ointer. Larios, Fewell, and Spain came across each other at the wine tasting. The drinks are served on time. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1318
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Rothstein is a gladiower. Ellerbe is a mamser. Mershon is a basrer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Rothstein, Ellerbe, and Mershon came across each other at the job fair. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1319
Jenkins is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mcnair is a motaswer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cantin is a turter. Cantin, Mcnair, and Jenkins connected at the specialty retail store. The market is open to all genders and ages. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1320
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Swinson is a popesmer. Valenta is a wairer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Dattilo is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the school reunion, Swinson, Dattilo, and Valenta ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1321
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kasprzak is an oterer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Newman is a ceeper. Radke is a senficer. At the charity car wash, Radke, Kasprzak, and Newman connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1322
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Eisner is a senficer. Galloway is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Malave is a musorder. Malave, Galloway, and Eisner came across each other at the charity car wash. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1323
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gessner is a musorder. Rioux is an intensier. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Windham is a basrer. Windham, Gessner, and Rioux came across each other at the yoga class. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1324
Nemeth is a mamser. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Boisvert is an oterer. Fenske is a musorder. At the crossfit class, Fenske, Boisvert, and Nemeth met. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1325
Esqueda is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Castellanos is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hylton is a gladiower. Hylton, Castellanos, and Esqueda connected at the wine tasting. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1326
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Brummitt is a turter. Dorsett is a popesmer. Higbee is a musorder. Higbee, Brummitt, and Dorsett came across each other at the retreat. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1327
Lenhart is a chopher. Weisz is a senficer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Veasey is an ointer. At the retreat, Lenhart, Weisz, and Veasey connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1328
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mill is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wimberly is a ceeper. Obanion is an oterer. Obanion, Wimberly, and Mill connected at the retreat. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1329
Sande is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Wininger is a popesmer. Howington is an intensier. At the boardwalk arcade, Howington, Sande, and Wininger connected. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1330
Capp is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. South is a basrer. Hires is a ceeper. Capp, Hires, and South connected at the crossfit class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1331
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Fassett is a basrer. Lockley is a bareer. Scales is an ointer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the street fair, Lockley, Fassett, and Scales connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1332
Labounty is a stafker. Whaley is an intensier. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tetzlaff is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Whaley, Labounty, and Tetzlaff connected at the specialty retail store. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1333
Schaper is a senficer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Harless is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Tercero is an oterer. Harless, Schaper, and Tercero came across each other at the car show. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1334
Giddings is a ceeper. Scanlon is a musorder. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Michaud is a basrer. At the yoga studio, Giddings, Scanlon, and Michaud ran into each other. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1335
Tarlton is a motaswer. Wiltse is a musorder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Rodman is a turter. Tarlton, Wiltse, and Rodman came across each other at the beer making classes. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1336
Chew is an oterer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Cullins is an enager. Baros is a bareer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Cullins, Baros, and Chew came across each other at the commuter bus. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1337
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Dow is a motaswer. Hassell is a gladiower. Segal is a basrer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Segal, Dow, and Hassell connected at the open gallery museum. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1338
Draeger is a turter. Halliday is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mclennan is a chopher. At the book store, Draeger, Halliday, and Mclennan connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1339
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Galvez is a mamser. Conder is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bergerson is a mornisdeiver. At the community service day event, Conder, Bergerson, and Galvez ran into each other. The community is at a crossroads here. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1340
Scheck is a bareer. Schoenfeld is a mornisdeiver. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Frizzell is a mamser. Frizzell, Schoenfeld, and Scheck connected at the archery class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1341
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Corrales is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bertolini is a chopher. Rauda is a mornisdeiver. At the group vacation, Bertolini, Rauda, and Corrales ran into each other. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. They told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1342
Marrone is a basrer. Mortenson is a popesmer. Beehler is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the open gallery museum, Marrone, Beehler, and Mortenson ran into each other. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. Ey told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1343
Stanko is a popesmer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Iraheta is a stafker. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Ebron is a basrer. Stanko, Ebron, and Iraheta came across each other at the music and art festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1344
Hargis is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Goodwyn is a chopher. Dau is an agovember. Goodwyn, Hargis, and Dau connected at the music and art festival. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1345
Mosteller is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Veith is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Salva is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the yoga studio, Salva, Mosteller, and Veith met. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1346
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mui is a motaswer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Skillman is a wairer. Gaylor is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the yoga class, Mui, Gaylor, and Skillman connected. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1347
Vanvalkenburg is a ripteminer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Myhre is an intensier. Wycoff is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Vanvalkenburg, Myhre, and Wycoff connected at the street fair. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1348
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Krum is a wairer. Brasel is an intensier. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Cowden is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Krum, Cowden, and Brasel came across each other at the music and art festival. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1349
Fettig is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Gagner is a senficer. Mcandrews is an enager. At the local reading, Gagner, Mcandrews, and Fettig connected. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1350
Homan is a motaswer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Yochum is a ceeper. Lipsky is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Homan, Yochum, and Lipsky came across each other at the open mic night. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1351
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Twitty is an ointer. Knipe is a senficer. Soltis is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Knipe, Twitty, and Soltis connected at the winery tour. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1352
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Pettiford is a mamser. Reinhart is an intensier. Squires is a turter. At the music and art festival, Reinhart, Squires, and Pettiford met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1353
Corchado is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Forde is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Strum is an intensier. At the restaurant, Forde, Strum, and Corchado ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1354
Ernst is a musorder. Michalski is a wairer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Saling is a chopher. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the open mic night, Saling, Ernst, and Michalski connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1355
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Staples is a motaswer. Handel is an ointer. Bazan is a bareer. Handel, Bazan, and Staples came across each other at the archery class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1356
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Oestreich is a ripteminer. Threet is an enager. Cutts is an intensier. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Threet, Cutts, and Oestreich connected at the food festival. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1357
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Mullikin is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Grenier is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pinkney is a basrer. Grenier, Mullikin, and Pinkney came across each other at the retreat. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1358
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Agudelo is a stafker. Schell is a mornisdeiver. Fore is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the volunteer work, Fore, Agudelo, and Schell ran into each other. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1359
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mcveigh is an ointer. Cabell is a bareer. Dunn is a senficer. At the open gallery museum, Dunn, Cabell, and Mcveigh connected. The museum has many ancient things. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1360
Jaramillo is a popesmer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Lakes is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Revis is a basrer. Jaramillo, Revis, and Lakes connected at the crossfit class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1361
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bergeron is a ripteminer. Soohoo is a mornisdeiver. Finklea is a senficer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the boardwalk arcade, Finklea, Soohoo, and Bergeron ran into each other. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1362
Broom is an agovember. Chess is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Thielen is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Thielen, Broom, and Chess connected at the museum. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1363
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Roemer is a basrer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kirkham is a stafker. Funches is an ointer. Kirkham, Roemer, and Funches came across each other at the community service day event. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. Ey reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1364
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Carreno is a turter. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Reding is an intensier. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Aguillon is a musorder. At the crossfit class, Aguillon, Carreno, and Reding ran into each other. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1365
Jalloh is a musorder. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wooden is a turter. Josephson is a ripteminer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the museum tour, Josephson, Wooden, and Jalloh connected. The museum would be great to come back again and again! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1366
Goshorn is an oterer. Robillard is an intensier. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stocks is a wairer. At the car show, Robillard, Goshorn, and Stocks met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1367
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Umstead is a mamser. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Severino is a musorder. Fritsch is a stafker. Fritsch, Severino, and Umstead came across each other at the french class. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1368
Saliba is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Dunn is a musorder. Gist is an agovember. At the museum, Saliba, Dunn, and Gist met. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1369
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Domingues is a senficer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Capp is a popesmer. Bruhn is a ceeper. Capp, Domingues, and Bruhn connected at the crossfit class. This class has amazing outcomes. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1370
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Watley is a popesmer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Randhawa is an enager. Restrepo is an oterer. At the volunteer work, Restrepo, Watley, and Randhawa ran into each other. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1371
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Renzi is a ceeper. Compton is a wairer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Roca is a motaswer. Roca, Compton, and Renzi connected at the french class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1372
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Nester is a stafker. Musso is a turter. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Barone is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the winery tour, Nester, Musso, and Barone ran into each other. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1373
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Cullison is a senficer. Vides is a musorder. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mast is a wairer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cullison, Vides, and Mast connected at the stadium. There are some good options for food too. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1374
Ziemer is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Barrera is an intensier. Siegel is a stafker. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the comic book expo, Barrera, Ziemer, and Siegel ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1375
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Meeker is a mornisdeiver. Kibbe is an agovember. Lines is a mamser. At the archery class, Meeker, Kibbe, and Lines ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1376
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Schroeder is a basrer. Girton is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Grzybowski is a ceeper. At the commuter bus, Girton, Schroeder, and Grzybowski connected. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1377
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Badgett is a senficer. Gentile is a mornisdeiver. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Winkler is an intensier. At the commuter bus, Gentile, Winkler, and Badgett met. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1378
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Furey is a basrer. Cripe is a chopher. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Wilbanks is a stafker. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the restaurant, Furey, Cripe, and Wilbanks met. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. They told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1379
Gould is a popesmer. Merriam is a ripteminer. Robinett is an oterer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Merriam, Gould, and Robinett connected at the theater festival. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1380
Wolski is a gladiower. Letson is an intensier. Towe is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the museum tour, Wolski, Letson, and Towe ran into each other. Museums have free exhibitions. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1381
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Juneau is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Patenaude is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Seavey is an ointer. At the open mic night, Patenaude, Seavey, and Juneau ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1382
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Erskine is a mornisdeiver. Pinzon is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Diaz is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pinzon, Erskine, and Diaz connected at the food festival. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1383
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Urrutia is a senficer. Swanson is a mamser. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Eager is an agovember. At the open gallery museum, Swanson, Eager, and Urrutia connected. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1384
Redick is a mornisdeiver. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Donohue is a senficer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Carlino is a bareer. At the boardwalk arcade, Donohue, Carlino, and Redick met. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1385
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Rosenberry is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Aldape is a turter. Cho is a basrer. At the yoga studio, Cho, Rosenberry, and Aldape connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1386
Winkelman is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Allaire is a basrer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Bartels is an enager. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the group vacation, Bartels, Allaire, and Winkelman connected. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1387
Hammel is a stafker. Prevatt is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Mcmurray is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the music and art festival, Hammel, Mcmurray, and Prevatt connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1388
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lansing is a chopher. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Wymer is an agovember. Wile is a gladiower. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Wymer, Wile, and Lansing connected at the job fair. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1389
Poulos is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Calderwood is a senficer. Suggs is an intensier. At the beer making classes, Poulos, Suggs, and Calderwood ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1390
Fanelli is a senficer. Blackstock is a popesmer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Caldera is an ointer. At the food festival, Caldera, Blackstock, and Fanelli connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1391
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Metzger is a basrer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Moyes is a mornisdeiver. Baig is a turter. At the winery tour, Baig, Metzger, and Moyes connected. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1392
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Prohaska is a wairer. Pritts is a basrer. Lovan is an intensier. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Lovan, Prohaska, and Pritts connected at the charity car wash. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1393
Castelli is a turter. Sample is a stafker. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Archila is an agovember. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Archila, Castelli, and Sample connected at the volunteer work. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1394
Cottingham is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mcgreevy is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Coldwell is a bareer. Coldwell, Cottingham, and Mcgreevy came across each other at the volunteer work. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1395
Oleary is a wairer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sansom is a turter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Flatt is a gladiower. At the winery tour, Flatt, Oleary, and Sansom connected. The tour is an important part of the new generation. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1396
Maglio is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Asare is a gladiower. Weiler is a mornisdeiver. At the open mic night, Asare, Weiler, and Maglio ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1397
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Shedd is a wairer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Koch is a senficer. Vanhoose is a ceeper. At the winery tour, Koch, Shedd, and Vanhoose ran into each other. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1398
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Polley is an agovember. Fragoso is a basrer. Howington is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the volunteer work, Polley, Howington, and Fragoso ran into each other. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. They told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1399
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Keach is a mamser. Champagne is a basrer. Howley is a bareer. Champagne, Keach, and Howley came across each other at the commuter bus. The public transports are public. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1400
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Romer is an ointer. Sorrels is a stafker. Hohl is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the high intensity class, Hohl, Sorrels, and Romer connected. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1401
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Meurer is a chopher. Gilland is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hupp is an ointer. At the job fair, Hupp, Gilland, and Meurer connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1402
Sotomayor is an enager. Mcclendon is a wairer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sobczak is a motaswer. At the music and art festival, Sobczak, Sotomayor, and Mcclendon ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1403
Vanhook is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Bump is a popesmer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Galloway is a wairer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Vanhook, Galloway, and Bump came across each other at the restaurant. The place was crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1404
Brescia is a ceeper. Brokaw is a gladiower. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Ragland is a ripteminer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the community service day event, Brokaw, Ragland, and Brescia ran into each other. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1405
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Gessner is a ripteminer. Swindell is an intensier. Swinson is a popesmer. At the beer making classes, Swinson, Swindell, and Gessner connected. The class is extremely motivating. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1406
Armendariz is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Fessenden is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Riggio is a musorder. At the retreat, Fessenden, Riggio, and Armendariz met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1407
Smither is a bareer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Bufkin is an agovember. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Florez is a basrer. At the theme park, Smither, Florez, and Bufkin ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1408
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Youmans is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Costigan is a basrer. Cadogan is a gladiower. At the school reunion, Costigan, Cadogan, and Youmans ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1409
Orihuela is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Fiorentino is a ceeper. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Eckman is a chopher. Fiorentino, Eckman, and Orihuela came across each other at the wine tasting. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1410
Kuehne is a mamser. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Antley is a senficer. Kandel is a popesmer. At the volunteer work, Kuehne, Antley, and Kandel met. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1411
Kidwell is a basrer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nigro is a ceeper. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Yeater is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Nigro, Yeater, and Kidwell came across each other at the business expo. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1412
Goyette is an oterer. Galarza is a chopher. Munk is a mornisdeiver. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the business expo, Goyette, Munk, and Galarza met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1413
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pew is a wairer. Bastidas is an agovember. Chmiel is a motaswer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Bastidas, Chmiel, and Pew connected at the yoga class. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1414
Raabe is a mornisdeiver. Mensch is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Jovanovic is a chopher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the comic book expo, Jovanovic, Raabe, and Mensch connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1415
Swinney is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Bhatt is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Dennehy is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bhatt, Dennehy, and Swinney came across each other at the restaurant. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1416
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Fears is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Rosenquist is a ceeper. Bhuiyan is a wairer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bhuiyan, Fears, and Rosenquist came across each other at the museum. Museums have free exhibitions. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1417
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Blandon is a wairer. Padilla is a musorder. Braziel is a stafker. Braziel, Padilla, and Blandon came across each other at the volunteer work. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1418
Claggett is a motaswer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Duck is a bareer. Newswanger is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Claggett, Duck, and Newswanger connected at the school reunion. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1419
Fordyce is a basrer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Apostol is a wairer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Costley is a ceeper. At the wine tasting, Fordyce, Apostol, and Costley ran into each other. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1420
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Freeborn is a mamser. Fanelli is a ceeper. Heberling is an ointer. Freeborn, Fanelli, and Heberling connected at the beer making classes. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1421
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Liston is a turter. Engram is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Wilhoit is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wilhoit, Engram, and Liston connected at the open mic night. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1422
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Eaves is a gladiower. Bermejo is an enager. Waggoner is a stafker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the group vacation, Waggoner, Eaves, and Bermejo ran into each other. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1423
Wilcox is an intensier. Doucette is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Antonelli is a turter. Doucette, Wilcox, and Antonelli came across each other at the dance class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1424
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Karp is a musorder. Sipple is a stafker. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lockley is a mamser. At the archery class, Karp, Sipple, and Lockley connected. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1425
Dick is a popesmer. Haynie is an oterer. Wrobel is a basrer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the commuter bus, Dick, Haynie, and Wrobel ran into each other. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1426
Kula is a stafker. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Mcelligott is a musorder. Vanorden is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kula, Mcelligott, and Vanorden connected at the group vacation. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1427
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Saez is an agovember. Gault is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Damiani is a motaswer. At the book store, Damiani, Saez, and Gault connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1428
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dalessio is a bareer. Wertman is an intensier. Bernhardt is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the food and drink festival, Dalessio, Wertman, and Bernhardt connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1429
Dilbeck is an agovember. Moralez is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Armbruster is a wairer. At the book store, Moralez, Armbruster, and Dilbeck ran into each other. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1430
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Borntreger is a mornisdeiver. Kleinschmidt is a ripteminer. Spilman is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the open gallery museum, Kleinschmidt, Spilman, and Borntreger connected. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1431
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Nichols is a ripteminer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Humphries is an ointer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Friedman is a bareer. At the theater festival, Nichols, Friedman, and Humphries met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1432
Boney is a popesmer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Knickerbocker is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Raposa is a basrer. Knickerbocker, Boney, and Raposa came across each other at the crossfit class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1433
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Yochum is a wairer. Bynum is a chopher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lemmons is a ceeper. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the theater festival, Yochum, Lemmons, and Bynum ran into each other. The event is still underway. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1434
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Sparkman is an intensier. Overall is an enager. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Larios is a popesmer. At the beer making classes, Sparkman, Larios, and Overall connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1435
Coletti is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Haddix is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mcmiller is a popesmer. At the group vacation, Coletti, Haddix, and Mcmiller connected. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1436
Crites is a ripteminer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Shriner is an agovember. Bremner is a chopher. Shriner, Bremner, and Crites came across each other at the archery class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1437
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Partington is a gladiower. Youmans is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Cleek is an agovember. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cleek, Partington, and Youmans came across each other at the beer making classes. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1438
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Robinette is a mornisdeiver. Lehn is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Fouse is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the boardwalk arcade, Fouse, Robinette, and Lehn connected. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1439
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Heenan is a basrer. Dumais is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Drain is a popesmer. At the museum tour, Dumais, Heenan, and Drain connected. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1440
Vermillion is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Beesley is a turter. Kanagy is an agovember. At the restaurant, Vermillion, Kanagy, and Beesley connected. One of the few spots for everyone. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1441
Salguero is a turter. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Odom is a motaswer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Castelli is a basrer. At the street fair, Odom, Castelli, and Salguero met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1442
Voit is a gladiower. Stang is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Chestnut is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the street fair, Stang, Chestnut, and Voit met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1443
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lesage is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fergus is a mornisdeiver. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Rotolo is a chopher. At the food and drink festival, Lesage, Rotolo, and Fergus met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1444
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Richter is a musorder. Scheer is a ripteminer. Perreault is a mamser. Perreault, Richter, and Scheer connected at the high intensity class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1445
Cleek is a wairer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Sheeley is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Godines is an ointer. At the museum tour, Sheeley, Godines, and Cleek met. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1446
Wofford is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Terrero is a ceeper. Wray is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Terrero, Wofford, and Wray came across each other at the group vacation. Tours help one discover the city. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1447
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Quach is a basrer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kimpel is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Umstead is a gladiower. Quach, Kimpel, and Umstead came across each other at the job fair. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1448
Mcgarity is an intensier. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Donahoe is a musorder. Pass is an ointer. Pass, Mcgarity, and Donahoe connected at the car show. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1449
Lorentz is a bareer. Kiehl is a ceeper. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Montejo is an agovember. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the music and art festival, Montejo, Lorentz, and Kiehl ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1450
Compean is an agovember. Olivas is a mamser. Clough is an enager. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the street fair, Compean, Olivas, and Clough connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1451
Gonzalez is an enager. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stager is an ointer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Yamada is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Yamada, Stager, and Gonzalez connected at the community service day event. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1452
Averett is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Colombo is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Loftin is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the retreat, Averett, Colombo, and Loftin ran into each other. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1453
Higgins is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Lawver is an enager. Delorme is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lawver, Delorme, and Higgins came across each other at the music and art festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1454
Ginder is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Hoag is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kennington is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the car show, Kennington, Ginder, and Hoag connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1455
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wolski is a motaswer. Stribling is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Baril is a popesmer. Wolski, Baril, and Stribling connected at the restaurant. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1456
Seto is an agovember. Godines is a turter. Bixler is a chopher. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Godines, Seto, and Bixler came across each other at the archery class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1457
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Thiele is a chopher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rothenberg is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Taliaferro is an intensier. At the book store, Thiele, Taliaferro, and Rothenberg met. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1458
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Layman is a motaswer. Fiorentino is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Jimenes is a wairer. At the specialty retail store, Jimenes, Layman, and Fiorentino connected. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1459
Simonetti is a mamser. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Pearman is a bareer. Zellmer is a turter. At the job fair, Simonetti, Pearman, and Zellmer met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1460
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hammons is a senficer. Vanpelt is a basrer. Pan is a ceeper. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Pan, Hammons, and Vanpelt connected at the charity car wash. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1461
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Randhawa is an agovember. Swider is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Fegan is a turter. At the beer making classes, Fegan, Swider, and Randhawa met. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1462
Villarreal is a mamser. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Malave is a stafker. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Gossage is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the community service day event, Gossage, Villarreal, and Malave met. The community has an open kitchen. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1463
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Penson is a mornisdeiver. Choudhry is a chopher. Wilsey is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the open mic night, Choudhry, Wilsey, and Penson connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1464
Brace is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Stallman is a basrer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lieber is an intensier. At the archery class, Brace, Stallman, and Lieber met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. Ze reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1465
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Canty is an intensier. Hankins is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Freedman is a mamser. Freedman, Canty, and Hankins came across each other at the specialty retail store. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1466
Botello is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Roberson is an intensier. Mcgrail is a ripteminer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the beer making classes, Roberson, Botello, and Mcgrail met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1467
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Howey is an oterer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lammers is a mamser. Beller is a ripteminer. At the stadium, Lammers, Beller, and Howey connected. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. They told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1468
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vose is a senficer. Savage is a motaswer. Ledet is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the crossfit class, Savage, Vose, and Ledet connected. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1469
Tippins is a ceeper. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Vales is a chopher. Hinze is a basrer. At the high intensity class, Hinze, Tippins, and Vales ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1470
Eisenberg is a turter. Satter is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kinman is a gladiower. At the community service day event, Satter, Eisenberg, and Kinman met. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1471
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Maggio is a basrer. Grimaldi is a ceeper. Nisbet is a bareer. Maggio, Nisbet, and Grimaldi came across each other at the winery tour. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1472
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Cunniff is an enager. Brewton is a motaswer. Alleyne is a ripteminer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cunniff, Alleyne, and Brewton came across each other at the theater festival. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1473
Armes is a musorder. Vue is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Carty is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the business expo, Vue, Carty, and Armes ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1474
Larock is a popesmer. Garabedian is an enager. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Concannon is a bareer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Larock, Garabedian, and Concannon came across each other at the business expo. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1475
Starner is a wairer. Tallent is a turter. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Ajayi is an agovember. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Ajayi, Tallent, and Starner came across each other at the retreat. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1476
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Liner is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Six is an agovember. Everts is an oterer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the book store, Liner, Six, and Everts connected. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1477
Cancel is a bareer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Sego is a popesmer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Maciejewski is a musorder. At the museum, Maciejewski, Cancel, and Sego met. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1478
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Demeo is a ripteminer. Cloyd is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lindemann is a popesmer. Lindemann, Demeo, and Cloyd connected at the dance class. It's a huge place! He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1479
Belanger is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Catanese is a mamser. Liggins is a wairer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the museum, Belanger, Catanese, and Liggins connected. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1480
Zook is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Woodring is an enager. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Hopson is a turter. At the school reunion, Woodring, Zook, and Hopson ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1481
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Streater is an oterer. Balint is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rusher is a turter. At the food festival, Rusher, Balint, and Streater ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. Ey told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1482
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sweeney is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Strobel is a bareer. Lovan is a ceeper. At the museum, Lovan, Strobel, and Sweeney connected. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1483
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bumgardner is a musorder. Galang is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Canaday is an intensier. At the archery class, Canaday, Galang, and Bumgardner connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1484
Sneed is a ceeper. Ho is a musorder. Stovall is a stafker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Sneed, Stovall, and Ho connected at the business expo. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1485
Rexrode is a motaswer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wegman is a ripteminer. Smotherman is a chopher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Smotherman, Rexrode, and Wegman connected at the retreat. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1486
Bicknell is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Creswell is an ointer. Knoop is a chopher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Bicknell, Creswell, and Knoop came across each other at the beer making classes. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1487
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Gorden is a basrer. Hoy is a wairer. Jellison is a chopher. At the retreat, Jellison, Hoy, and Gorden met. The party is also filled by the band. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1488
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Spalding is a motaswer. Ritz is a senficer. Wasson is a basrer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Spalding, Wasson, and Ritz connected at the theater festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1489
Brough is a stafker. Fulcher is an oterer. Stange is a mornisdeiver. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the archery class, Fulcher, Brough, and Stange connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1490
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sorrentino is a senficer. Labounty is a wairer. Guillot is a gladiower. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Sorrentino, Labounty, and Guillot connected at the business expo. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1491
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Briner is an ointer. Wickersham is a basrer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Singer is a musorder. At the stadium, Wickersham, Briner, and Singer ran into each other. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. Ey told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1492
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Gunn is a ripteminer. Guglielmo is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Leachman is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the french class, Leachman, Guglielmo, and Gunn connected. This class has amazing outcomes. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1493
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Auclair is an oterer. Spilman is a wairer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Curiel is a motaswer. At the museum, Spilman, Auclair, and Curiel ran into each other. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1494
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Brewton is an oterer. Lorentz is a turter. Outlaw is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Brewton, Lorentz, and Outlaw connected at the food festival. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1495
Endres is a turter. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Donlon is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Arreaga is a stafker. At the job fair, Donlon, Arreaga, and Endres connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1496
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Scarborough is a motaswer. Heng is a turter. Belli is a musorder. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Scarborough, Heng, and Belli connected at the high intensity class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1497
Luck is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lamay is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Stier is a ceeper. At the school reunion, Lamay, Stier, and Luck connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1498
Gamino is a turter. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Drayer is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Aldridge is an enager. Gamino, Aldridge, and Drayer came across each other at the restaurant. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1499
Cooksey is a senficer. Glover is a mamser. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mcguffey is a chopher. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cooksey, Mcguffey, and Glover connected at the yoga studio. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. Ey reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1500
Deschenes is a gladiower. Shunk is a wairer. Seiber is a basrer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the open gallery museum, Seiber, Shunk, and Deschenes ran into each other. The museum would be great to come back again and again! She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1501
Brooker is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Yuen is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Verrett is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the book store, Brooker, Yuen, and Verrett ran into each other. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1502
Edgerly is a basrer. Godlewski is a mamser. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Edlund is an enager. At the local reading, Godlewski, Edgerly, and Edlund met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1503
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Trapp is a musorder. Martinezlopez is an enager. Mansell is a mornisdeiver. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Mansell, Martinezlopez, and Trapp connected at the french class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1504
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Palazzo is an oterer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Westlake is a turter. Depasquale is a bareer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Depasquale, Westlake, and Palazzo connected at the food festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1505
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Orlowski is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Anchondo is a ripteminer. Diebold is an agovember. At the boardwalk arcade, Anchondo, Diebold, and Orlowski connected. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1506
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stair is a turter. Berner is a stafker. Gadson is an ointer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Berner, Stair, and Gadson connected at the car show. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1507
Branstetter is an agovember. Denicola is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Phipps is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the wine tasting, Phipps, Branstetter, and Denicola ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1508
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bonomo is a mamser. Stogsdill is an intensier. Harner is a senficer. At the commuter bus, Bonomo, Harner, and Stogsdill met. Public transports are affordable. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1509
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cousins is a gladiower. Suhr is a motaswer. Paschke is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Paschke, Suhr, and Cousins connected at the music and art festival. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1510
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gravatt is an ointer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ternes is a musorder. Blaha is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Gravatt, Ternes, and Blaha connected at the open mic night. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1511
Bush is a gladiower. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ruffner is a ceeper. Michalak is an enager. Michalak, Bush, and Ruffner connected at the job fair. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1512
Stanhope is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Belden is a ceeper. Hallinan is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the high intensity class, Hallinan, Belden, and Stanhope met. The class is fun! They reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1513
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hinze is a mornisdeiver. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Grissom is a senficer. Basso is a musorder. At the specialty retail store, Grissom, Basso, and Hinze ran into each other. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1514
Carbonell is an agovember. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tullos is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Linares is an intensier. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Linares, Carbonell, and Tullos came across each other at the food and drink festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1515
Richeson is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Quattlebaum is a bareer. Thiele is a ceeper. At the volunteer work, Quattlebaum, Thiele, and Richeson met. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1516
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Muth is an oterer. Soper is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Locklear is a popesmer. At the comic book expo, Soper, Locklear, and Muth connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1517
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Hurst is an oterer. Straus is a turter. Glaser is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Hurst, Straus, and Glaser came across each other at the high intensity class. The class is fun! She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1518
Ordaz is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Stonge is a bareer. Weinstein is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the high intensity class, Weinstein, Ordaz, and Stonge connected. Classes are well organized. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1519
Salvatierra is a mamser. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcgann is an oterer. Garneau is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the archery class, Garneau, Mcgann, and Salvatierra met. This class has amazing outcomes. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1520
Ezzell is a stafker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Ambrocio is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wiedemann is an oterer. At the high intensity class, Ambrocio, Ezzell, and Wiedemann connected. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1521
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Morphis is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Avellaneda is a wairer. Santamaria is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food festival, Morphis, Santamaria, and Avellaneda met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1522
Hammitt is a mornisdeiver. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Pulsifer is a chopher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Holliman is an enager. At the theater festival, Holliman, Hammitt, and Pulsifer met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1523
Wuest is a ripteminer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Yerger is an enager. Whipkey is an ointer. At the theater festival, Yerger, Whipkey, and Wuest ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1524
Graziano is a mamser. Yard is a turter. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Mayweather is a musorder. At the yoga class, Mayweather, Yard, and Graziano connected. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1525
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Weathersby is a turter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lepper is an ointer. Fecteau is a motaswer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the open gallery museum, Weathersby, Lepper, and Fecteau connected. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1526
Philpott is a mamser. Sutterfield is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Broadhurst is an oterer. At the retreat, Sutterfield, Philpott, and Broadhurst ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1527
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Santizo is a motaswer. Vento is a musorder. Eichner is an ointer. Vento, Santizo, and Eichner connected at the beer making classes. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1528
Huang is a bareer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Lumpkin is an agovember. Mraz is a turter. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the museum, Huang, Mraz, and Lumpkin connected. The museum would be great to come back again and again! They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1529
Edlund is an oterer. Devos is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Holub is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Devos, Edlund, and Holub connected at the local reading. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1530
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Mcmiller is an enager. Purtell is a chopher. Barrentine is a turter. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Purtell, Mcmiller, and Barrentine came across each other at the high intensity class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1531
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kwak is an agovember. Glatt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Budzinski is a gladiower. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Budzinski, Glatt, and Kwak connected at the school reunion. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. Ey reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1532
Hislop is a motaswer. Ordaz is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fussell is a wairer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Fussell, Hislop, and Ordaz connected at the commuter bus. Public transports are affordable. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1533
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Gies is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Srivastava is a basrer. Santamaria is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the job fair, Srivastava, Santamaria, and Gies met. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1534
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bejarano is a ceeper. Moreau is a popesmer. Ebron is a mornisdeiver. Moreau, Bejarano, and Ebron connected at the job fair. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1535
Burdge is a mornisdeiver. Pattison is an ointer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Dileo is a senficer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pattison, Burdge, and Dileo came across each other at the school reunion. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1536
Landau is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Daves is an intensier. Newhouse is a stafker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Landau, Daves, and Newhouse connected at the boardwalk arcade. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1537
Howley is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Bedard is a chopher. Albrecht is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Howley, Bedard, and Albrecht connected at the book store. Book clubs help expand social circles. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1538
Blandon is a musorder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cheong is an intensier. Deshields is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the specialty retail store, Cheong, Blandon, and Deshields ran into each other. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1539
Wichmann is a popesmer. Ceja is a turter. Scarborough is a senficer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the open gallery museum, Ceja, Wichmann, and Scarborough ran into each other. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1540
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Speed is a mamser. Mcmichael is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Roye is an agovember. At the museum tour, Speed, Mcmichael, and Roye connected. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1541
Groth is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Rutland is an agovember. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Mease is an enager. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Groth, Mease, and Rutland connected at the street fair. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1542
Tome is a senficer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Cuff is a bareer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Hayward is a mamser. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the crossfit class, Cuff, Hayward, and Tome connected. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1543
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcqueen is a chopher. Marable is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bartel is a ceeper. At the museum tour, Bartel, Mcqueen, and Marable ran into each other. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1544
Swarts is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Tineo is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Kreider is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the job fair, Kreider, Tineo, and Swarts connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1545
Noto is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Stringfield is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Makris is a motaswer. At the yoga class, Stringfield, Noto, and Makris connected. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1546
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dunagan is a turter. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Burgett is a musorder. Mcafee is an ointer. At the commuter bus, Burgett, Mcafee, and Dunagan ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1547
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Smythe is a bareer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Santamaria is a popesmer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Giguere is an intensier. At the comic book expo, Giguere, Santamaria, and Smythe connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1548
Courts is a ceeper. Mccomb is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Burkhead is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the stadium, Mccomb, Courts, and Burkhead ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1549
Corby is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Watley is an oterer. Foltz is an enager. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the specialty retail store, Watley, Corby, and Foltz met. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1550
Orrell is a motaswer. Storms is a basrer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Sison is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the wine tasting, Storms, Orrell, and Sison ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1551
Eakins is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Snell is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Parmer is a gladiower. Snell, Parmer, and Eakins came across each other at the retreat. The party is free entry for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1552
Towe is an ointer. Thomsen is a bareer. Mcgann is an oterer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the french class, Towe, Thomsen, and Mcgann ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1553
Swarts is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Dunigan is an enager. Seeman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Dunigan, Seeman, and Swarts came across each other at the volunteer work. A hurricane or other natural calamity can be a good reason to volunteer at a charity center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1554
Fellows is a popesmer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Leiby is a mornisdeiver. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rucker is a chopher. At the wine tasting, Fellows, Rucker, and Leiby ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1555
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Vale is a mornisdeiver. Segal is a senficer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sparacino is a mamser. Sparacino, Vale, and Segal came across each other at the music and art festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1556
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wann is an enager. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Saucedo is an oterer. Lattimer is a senficer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the crossfit class, Saucedo, Lattimer, and Wann met. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1557
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Tercero is an enager. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Erdman is a chopher. Roling is a senficer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Erdman, Tercero, and Roling connected at the restaurant. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1558
Mershon is a turter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Lavin is a popesmer. Oles is an ointer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Lavin, Oles, and Mershon came across each other at the local reading. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1559
Bouffard is a mornisdeiver. Liguori is an intensier. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bryner is a stafker. Bouffard, Liguori, and Bryner connected at the museum tour. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1560
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Jung is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Tousignant is an intensier. Krantz is a chopher. At the crossfit class, Krantz, Tousignant, and Jung ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1561
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Clermont is an intensier. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Beery is a chopher. Deluna is a mamser. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Beery, Clermont, and Deluna came across each other at the theme park. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1562
Reliford is an agovember. Tippins is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Blumer is a motaswer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the restaurant, Reliford, Blumer, and Tippins met. The place was crowded. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1563
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Onate is a mamser. Crutchfield is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Concannon is a wairer. Crutchfield, Concannon, and Onate connected at the winery tour. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1564
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Devera is a basrer. Strandberg is a mornisdeiver. Pita is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the volunteer work, Devera, Strandberg, and Pita met. Volunteering will bring confidence. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1565
Alt is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Devore is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Abate is a ripteminer. At the archery class, Abate, Devore, and Alt ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1566
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Grunwald is a motaswer. Mcgann is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hughs is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Mcgann, Hughs, and Grunwald connected at the beer making classes. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1567
Bruni is a ripteminer. Rawlinson is a bareer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Ginsberg is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the group vacation, Rawlinson, Ginsberg, and Bruni connected. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1568
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Maas is a motaswer. Duhon is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Prill is an intensier. At the business expo, Duhon, Maas, and Prill met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1569
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Birnbaum is a ripteminer. Fizer is a mamser. Folse is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the retreat, Fizer, Folse, and Birnbaum connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1570
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mosteller is a wairer. Choice is a ceeper. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Cheema is a turter. Mosteller, Cheema, and Choice came across each other at the museum tour. Museums are definitely not boring! He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1571
Reeser is a ripteminer. Lent is a bareer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Tingler is a mamser. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Reeser, Lent, and Tingler connected at the crossfit class. The class is fun! He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1572
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sankey is a ceeper. Streets is a gladiower. Osterhout is an ointer. At the community service day event, Streets, Osterhout, and Sankey met. The community is at a crossroads here. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1573
Liberatore is a mamser. Rancourt is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hauser is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hauser, Liberatore, and Rancourt connected at the commuter bus. Public transports are affordable. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1574
Moodie is a gladiower. Slane is a mamser. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Coghill is a popesmer. At the theme park, Moodie, Coghill, and Slane met. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1575
Lansing is a ripteminer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kremer is a basrer. Bank is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Bank, Lansing, and Kremer came across each other at the restaurant. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1576
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mcpeak is a motaswer. Reeser is a mamser. Moroney is a wairer. Mcpeak, Moroney, and Reeser connected at the theater festival. A large number of people attend these events. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1577
Youngman is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Poppe is a gladiower. Desantis is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Poppe, Desantis, and Youngman came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1578
Paley is a chopher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Blow is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Rimmer is an oterer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the retreat, Rimmer, Blow, and Paley met. The party is also filled by the band. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1579
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hayslip is a ripteminer. Padilla is a gladiower. Mcelroy is an agovember. At the french class, Padilla, Mcelroy, and Hayslip met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1580
Nickels is a senficer. Strine is an enager. Dipasquale is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the yoga class, Dipasquale, Nickels, and Strine met. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1581
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Davies is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Tostado is a chopher. Livingstone is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the car show, Livingstone, Tostado, and Davies met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1582
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Morquecho is a musorder. Padilla is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Shealy is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Padilla, Morquecho, and Shealy came across each other at the school reunion. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1583
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Borntreger is a bareer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Spath is a basrer. Batra is a ceeper. At the car show, Spath, Borntreger, and Batra connected. The event is free and open to all people. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1584
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mcinnis is a ripteminer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Ruffner is a mamser. Chaudhry is a musorder. At the specialty retail store, Mcinnis, Chaudhry, and Ruffner met. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1585
Blumberg is a musorder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Escalera is a ripteminer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Chavis is an oterer. At the museum tour, Escalera, Blumberg, and Chavis connected. Museums have free exhibitions. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1586
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hillhouse is a gladiower. Lejeune is a popesmer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Luck is a ceeper. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Luck, Hillhouse, and Lejeune came across each other at the museum tour. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1587
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Licht is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Horsey is an intensier. Tibbits is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the car show, Licht, Tibbits, and Horsey connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1588
Vanderlaan is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Profitt is an intensier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kasprzak is a ceeper. At the yoga studio, Profitt, Kasprzak, and Vanderlaan connected. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1589
Zendejas is a musorder. Gholson is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Barile is a popesmer. Zendejas, Gholson, and Barile connected at the specialty retail store. Markets are full of surprises! Ey reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1590
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Valenta is an enager. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lenhart is a ripteminer. Sylvain is an intensier. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lenhart, Valenta, and Sylvain came across each other at the museum. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1591
Drews is a gladiower. Niemi is a turter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Prom is a motaswer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the high intensity class, Niemi, Drews, and Prom ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1592
Climer is an oterer. Manrique is an enager. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Heller is a stafker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the dance class, Heller, Manrique, and Climer met. This class has amazing outcomes. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1593
Arner is an agovember. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Blough is a chopher. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Gerrity is a musorder. Gerrity, Arner, and Blough connected at the yoga studio. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1594
Glennon is an oterer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Borger is a chopher. Krout is a bareer. At the specialty retail store, Krout, Glennon, and Borger connected. The market is divided into sub-markets. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1595
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Noyola is an oterer. Villalvazo is an intensier. Stallman is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the yoga class, Stallman, Noyola, and Villalvazo met. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1596
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Borntrager is a wairer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Gamez is a mamser. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Persaud is a basrer. Persaud, Borntrager, and Gamez came across each other at the street fair. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1597
Gerardi is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Risinger is a gladiower. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bromberg is a basrer. Gerardi, Risinger, and Bromberg connected at the book store. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1598
Marini is a basrer. Lamson is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Bigger is a wairer. At the yoga class, Lamson, Marini, and Bigger connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1599
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Paramo is a ripteminer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Prada is a popesmer. Watford is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the stadium, Prada, Paramo, and Watford met. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1600
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Quattlebaum is a bareer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Cannizzaro is a wairer. Hayslett is a motaswer. Hayslett, Cannizzaro, and Quattlebaum came across each other at the winery tour. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1601
Crisci is a bareer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Laureano is a musorder. Pry is a stafker. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the restaurant, Crisci, Pry, and Laureano ran into each other. The food here is very tasty. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1602
Wickersham is a senficer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Keach is a motaswer. Mcdougal is a basrer. Wickersham, Keach, and Mcdougal came across each other at the food and drink festival. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1603
Hiser is an agovember. Ellett is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Dam is a mornisdeiver. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hiser, Ellett, and Dam came across each other at the museum. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1604
Lotz is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Choudhary is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Gatti is a turter. At the school reunion, Lotz, Gatti, and Choudhary connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1605
Murguia is a mamser. Maney is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Adamczyk is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the museum, Adamczyk, Murguia, and Maney ran into each other. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1606
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Capellan is a mamser. Lines is an ointer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Irby is a ceeper. Irby, Capellan, and Lines connected at the retreat. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1607
Waymire is a basrer. Tennant is a turter. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Guymon is a wairer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Waymire, Tennant, and Guymon connected at the open gallery museum. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1608
Sines is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Berman is a wairer. Basso is a basrer. At the group vacation, Berman, Basso, and Sines connected. Tours help one discover the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1609
Mungia is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Pitre is a popesmer. Aldridge is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Pitre, Aldridge, and Mungia connected at the job fair. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1610
Elzey is a popesmer. Duckett is a wairer. Armbruster is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Elzey, Duckett, and Armbruster came across each other at the open mic night. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1611
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Macedo is a turter. Betancourt is an ointer. Brackin is a mamser. Betancourt, Macedo, and Brackin came across each other at the community service day event. We have to work together through different platforms. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1612
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Clune is a ceeper. Moody is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Burkey is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the dance class, Moody, Burkey, and Clune ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1613
Makris is a popesmer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ortegon is a gladiower. Mcentee is a senficer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the local reading, Makris, Ortegon, and Mcentee connected. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1614
Takacs is a ripteminer. Brokaw is a motaswer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Simmerman is an enager. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Brokaw, Takacs, and Simmerman connected at the french class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1615
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Barbato is a mamser. Bala is an intensier. Moncayo is an enager. Bala, Barbato, and Moncayo connected at the open gallery museum. The museum would be great to come back again and again! She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1616
Asay is a bareer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Vesely is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Wax is a gladiower. Asay, Wax, and Vesely came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1617
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Kappler is a ceeper. Purdom is a stafker. Rader is a musorder. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the stadium, Rader, Purdom, and Kappler met. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1618
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Donley is a musorder. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Leek is an enager. Burdge is a senficer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the high intensity class, Donley, Leek, and Burdge connected. Each session teaches a different theme. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1619
Betancur is a stafker. Koski is a popesmer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Brucker is a mornisdeiver. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the high intensity class, Koski, Brucker, and Betancur ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1620
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Mcdonnell is an enager. Winkler is a basrer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Blaser is a chopher. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the theme park, Blaser, Winkler, and Mcdonnell met. The dogs here are lovely. Ze reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1621
Rosenfeld is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Krantz is a mornisdeiver. Schmucker is a chopher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the french class, Krantz, Rosenfeld, and Schmucker ran into each other. Classes teach new things every week. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1622
Etchison is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Conerly is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Ratliff is a basrer. At the community service day event, Etchison, Conerly, and Ratliff met. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1623
Odonnell is a bareer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Larocco is a popesmer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Tennant is an intensier. At the archery class, Tennant, Odonnell, and Larocco ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1624
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Rademacher is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Fahy is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Alleman is a gladiower. Fahy, Rademacher, and Alleman came across each other at the beer making classes. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1625
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Kirkendoll is a bareer. Melero is an intensier. Hoag is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the open gallery museum, Kirkendoll, Hoag, and Melero connected. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1626
Fulp is a chopher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Muntz is an ointer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Vanhoose is a mamser. Vanhoose, Fulp, and Muntz came across each other at the retreat. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1627
Rothenberg is an enager. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Haigh is a turter. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Wasserman is a senficer. At the volunteer work, Haigh, Rothenberg, and Wasserman ran into each other. Volunteering brings peace and happiness. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1628
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Eichler is an oterer. Timm is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Parmar is a turter. Parmar, Eichler, and Timm connected at the specialty retail store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1629
Sifuentes is a basrer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Drewry is a chopher. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Cassara is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Sifuentes, Drewry, and Cassara came across each other at the beer making classes. The class is extremely motivating. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1630
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lockard is a mamser. Segoviano is an intensier. Lamm is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the business expo, Lockard, Lamm, and Segoviano connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1631
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Schroder is a mamser. Edgerton is a bareer. Echevarria is a popesmer. At the theater festival, Edgerton, Echevarria, and Schroder ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1632
Bartek is an agovember. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Carrillo is a chopher. Jablonski is a senficer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Carrillo, Bartek, and Jablonski came across each other at the dance class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1633
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Vanorden is a gladiower. Stich is a chopher. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Boman is a stafker. Vanorden, Boman, and Stich came across each other at the theme park. The park is very peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1634
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Musso is a musorder. Donlon is a gladiower. Cueva is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the car show, Donlon, Musso, and Cueva met. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1635
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Depasquale is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Seigler is a motaswer. Davenport is a turter. Depasquale, Seigler, and Davenport came across each other at the archery class. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1636
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Kirkendoll is a bareer. Essig is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Skillman is an agovember. Skillman, Essig, and Kirkendoll came across each other at the theater festival. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1637
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Kincer is a motaswer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Portales is an enager. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Moffett is a gladiower. At the commuter bus, Portales, Moffett, and Kincer met. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1638
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cuadra is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mccloskey is a gladiower. Winkler is a motaswer. At the school reunion, Mccloskey, Winkler, and Cuadra ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1639
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Boivin is a ceeper. Currier is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Whaley is a mamser. Whaley, Boivin, and Currier connected at the charity car wash. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1640
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Pribble is a ceeper. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Fleury is an oterer. Monreal is a mamser. Fleury, Pribble, and Monreal came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is open to all genders and ages. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1641
Rosson is an enager. Bills is a wairer. Reinhart is a popesmer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Reinhart, Bills, and Rosson connected at the crossfit class. The class is extremely motivating. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1642
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lipsky is a ceeper. Neace is a chopher. Lindstrom is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the open gallery museum, Lindstrom, Neace, and Lipsky met. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1643
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gehringer is a popesmer. Domingue is an agovember. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Goodwyn is an ointer. At the comic book expo, Goodwyn, Gehringer, and Domingue met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1644
Jacome is an enager. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Gaskill is an ointer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Palmisano is a basrer. Jacome, Palmisano, and Gaskill came across each other at the commuter bus. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1645
Shaver is an agovember. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Patillo is a bareer. Mccafferty is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the dance class, Shaver, Patillo, and Mccafferty ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1646
Fritsch is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Humphries is a bareer. Pafford is an ointer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the theater festival, Humphries, Fritsch, and Pafford met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1647
Pomerantz is a stafker. Persinger is an agovember. Wiegand is an enager. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Persinger, Wiegand, and Pomerantz came across each other at the food and drink festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1648
Smedley is a bareer. Carrow is a mornisdeiver. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Seales is an agovember. Smedley, Seales, and Carrow connected at the yoga studio. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1649
Kinsella is a senficer. Juneau is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Hesse is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kinsella, Juneau, and Hesse connected at the yoga class. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1650
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Gambrell is a senficer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Bucci is a ceeper. Ducharme is a stafker. Gambrell, Bucci, and Ducharme came across each other at the volunteer work. Volunteering will bring confidence. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1651
Streit is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Coelho is a wairer. Duggins is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the open mic night, Coelho, Streit, and Duggins ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1652
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Dyck is a mamser. Foor is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Edgerton is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the museum, Dyck, Foor, and Edgerton connected. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1653
Frisk is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Cardinale is a wairer. Hettinger is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the dance class, Hettinger, Frisk, and Cardinale met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1654
Benavides is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Overall is a bareer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Dinkins is a popesmer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the food festival, Benavides, Dinkins, and Overall ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1655
Petri is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Mcmillian is a ripteminer. Stearns is a musorder. Petri, Stearns, and Mcmillian came across each other at the food festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1656
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Hardeman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Brungardt is a popesmer. Olalde is a bareer. At the charity car wash, Brungardt, Hardeman, and Olalde ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1657
Klemm is a turter. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Chuang is a wairer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Coffman is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Chuang, Coffman, and Klemm connected at the charity car wash. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1658
Runge is a basrer. Kistler is a bareer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Engstrom is a chopher. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the business expo, Runge, Engstrom, and Kistler met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1659
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Bonet is an agovember. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Absher is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Jenks is a ripteminer. Absher, Jenks, and Bonet came across each other at the commuter bus. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1660
Esch is a motaswer. Malec is a mornisdeiver. Sorensen is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the job fair, Sorensen, Malec, and Esch met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1661
Ducharme is a stafker. Maez is a basrer. Odonoghue is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the specialty retail store, Maez, Ducharme, and Odonoghue ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1662
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Bergeson is a musorder. Scheer is a mornisdeiver. Sanon is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the restaurant, Sanon, Bergeson, and Scheer connected. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1663
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dahlstrom is a senficer. Uribe is an oterer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Frei is a mamser. At the theater festival, Uribe, Dahlstrom, and Frei met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1664
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Dinh is a bareer. Rall is a wairer. Smithers is a chopher. At the food festival, Smithers, Dinh, and Rall connected. The event is still underway. Ey reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1665
Setzer is a musorder. Barnhart is a ceeper. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Thompkins is a bareer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the book store, Setzer, Thompkins, and Barnhart connected. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1666
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mcculloch is a bareer. Theis is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Mckibben is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the theme park, Theis, Mcculloch, and Mckibben connected. The park is very peaceful. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1667
Calhoon is a turter. Mcmurray is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Coffman is a basrer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Coffman, Calhoon, and Mcmurray came across each other at the open mic night. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1668
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Depasquale is a musorder. Loaiza is an agovember. Slover is a chopher. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the street fair, Depasquale, Loaiza, and Slover ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1669
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Tortora is a ripteminer. Tupper is an enager. Barger is a stafker. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Tortora, Barger, and Tupper connected at the museum tour. The museum would be great to come back again and again! They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1670
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Meiners is an agovember. Holmgren is a mamser. Huckins is a senficer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the museum tour, Meiners, Huckins, and Holmgren connected. This museum and art is what we need more of. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1671
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Drane is a ripteminer. Weinstein is a musorder. Shue is a mamser. At the yoga studio, Drane, Shue, and Weinstein connected. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1672
Ardoin is a bareer. Schuldt is a wairer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Holderman is a stafker. At the retreat, Ardoin, Schuldt, and Holderman connected. The party is free entry for everyone. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1673
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Campuzano is an agovember. Bogle is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Krieger is a chopher. Krieger, Campuzano, and Bogle connected at the local reading. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1674
Runyan is an ointer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Iversen is a wairer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lockley is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the book store, Lockley, Iversen, and Runyan met. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1675
Blubaugh is a gladiower. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Wilhoit is a turter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Sing is an agovember. At the book store, Blubaugh, Sing, and Wilhoit ran into each other. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! He reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1676
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Frierson is a ripteminer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Cavitt is a wairer. Kratzer is a turter. At the winery tour, Cavitt, Frierson, and Kratzer connected. Tours show all the important places in a city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1677
Natoli is a ripteminer. Hornberger is a stafker. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Villalvazo is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the food and drink festival, Hornberger, Natoli, and Villalvazo ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1678
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gullo is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Lazzara is an oterer. Garris is an enager. At the music and art festival, Lazzara, Garris, and Gullo connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1679
Scheck is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Coronel is a ceeper. Baehr is a senficer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the specialty retail store, Coronel, Scheck, and Baehr ran into each other. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1680
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Heller is a chopher. Coffman is a musorder. Skipworth is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the business expo, Heller, Skipworth, and Coffman connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1681
Erdmann is a mamser. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Cortese is a stafker. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Som is a bareer. Erdmann, Cortese, and Som came across each other at the book store. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1682
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Cosenza is a turter. Quiros is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Koepp is an oterer. Quiros, Koepp, and Cosenza came across each other at the street fair. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1683
Moscoso is an intensier. Hurn is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Szabo is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the job fair, Hurn, Szabo, and Moscoso met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1684
Shortridge is a popesmer. Villalta is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Byas is a mamser. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the archery class, Shortridge, Villalta, and Byas ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1685
Wieser is an agovember. Schwartz is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Newbill is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Schwartz, Newbill, and Wieser connected at the open gallery museum. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1686
Martines is a turter. Stair is an enager. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Sturgis is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the commuter bus, Stair, Sturgis, and Martines connected. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1687
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Laferriere is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Trautman is a ceeper. Sherlock is a wairer. Sherlock, Laferriere, and Trautman came across each other at the crossfit class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1688
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Vandehey is a senficer. Proctor is a turter. Schoon is an intensier. At the wine tasting, Vandehey, Proctor, and Schoon met. The food here is very tasty. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1689
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bogard is a wairer. Tapscott is a ceeper. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Pixley is a stafker. Tapscott, Pixley, and Bogard came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1690
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Hegedus is a ripteminer. Piscitelli is a stafker. Garduno is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the music and art festival, Piscitelli, Garduno, and Hegedus ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1691
Calvillo is an agovember. Drakeford is an oterer. Beebe is a senficer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the french class, Drakeford, Calvillo, and Beebe ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1692
Doolan is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Hurwitz is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Welling is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Welling, Doolan, and Hurwitz connected at the boardwalk arcade. The city is a great place to find something to do. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1693
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Gaylor is a stafker. Spahr is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Saling is a popesmer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the community service day event, Spahr, Saling, and Gaylor met. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1694
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Manis is a mornisdeiver. Kopp is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Watts is a musorder. At the yoga studio, Kopp, Watts, and Manis ran into each other. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1695
Dunfee is a senficer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Steiger is a mamser. Bonney is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the job fair, Bonney, Steiger, and Dunfee ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1696
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ardoin is an ointer. Aho is a senficer. Kromer is a gladiower. Ardoin, Aho, and Kromer connected at the wine tasting. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1697
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Deschenes is a bareer. Duckett is a popesmer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Stair is a mamser. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Deschenes, Stair, and Duckett connected at the open mic night. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1698
Steinkamp is an ointer. Lindemann is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Englert is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Steinkamp, Lindemann, and Englert connected at the group vacation. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1699
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Emert is a turter. Ing is a ceeper. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Pulliam is a basrer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Emert, Pulliam, and Ing came across each other at the dance class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1700
Mccaleb is a ripteminer. Antonelli is an agovember. Tolley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the car show, Tolley, Antonelli, and Mccaleb met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1701
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Giguere is an intensier. Martelli is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Knorr is a senficer. At the car show, Knorr, Martelli, and Giguere connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1702
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Ober is a basrer. Keiser is a wairer. Oakes is a mornisdeiver. At the charity car wash, Ober, Oakes, and Keiser connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1703
Fulkerson is a bareer. Petitt is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Fine is a chopher. At the retreat, Fine, Fulkerson, and Petitt ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1704
Ogden is a mamser. Gatling is a ripteminer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Kuczynski is a senficer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Ogden, Gatling, and Kuczynski connected at the open mic night. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1705
Patnode is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Christianson is an agovember. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Banh is an oterer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Christianson, Banh, and Patnode came across each other at the volunteer work. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1706
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Toles is a ripteminer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Buscher is an ointer. Parmar is a wairer. At the retreat, Parmar, Toles, and Buscher ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1707
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Vangundy is a wairer. Legrand is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Farkas is a chopher. At the beer making classes, Vangundy, Farkas, and Legrand ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1708
Lipps is a mornisdeiver. Mash is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Herrman is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mash, Herrman, and Lipps came across each other at the winery tour. Tours help one discover the city. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1709
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bach is a ceeper. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Stogsdill is a musorder. Kaneshiro is a ripteminer. Kaneshiro, Bach, and Stogsdill came across each other at the open gallery museum. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1710
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Dyar is a popesmer. Sikora is a senficer. Fogg is a basrer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Sikora, Fogg, and Dyar came across each other at the local reading. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1711
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Blomberg is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Emig is a turter. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Toft is a basrer. At the local reading, Blomberg, Emig, and Toft connected. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1712
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Nemeth is a musorder. Hodnett is a popesmer. Glazier is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Glazier, Nemeth, and Hodnett came across each other at the local reading. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1713
Weissman is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Higgins is an ointer. Mullaney is a senficer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Higgins, Weissman, and Mullaney came across each other at the archery class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1714
Inzunza is a stafker. Clontz is a wairer. Maines is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Clontz, Inzunza, and Maines connected at the winery tour. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1715
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Godlewski is a turter. Creech is a stafker. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Thornton is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food and drink festival, Creech, Thornton, and Godlewski connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1716
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ort is a chopher. Barnhart is an ointer. Karras is a turter. Ort, Karras, and Barnhart came across each other at the wine tasting. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1717
Blaser is a gladiower. Host is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Crowther is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Blaser, Host, and Crowther came across each other at the museum tour. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1718
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Knights is a mamser. Serratos is a wairer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Astacio is an ointer. Knights, Serratos, and Astacio came across each other at the retreat. The party is also filled by the band. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1719
Markley is a ceeper. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Shead is a turter. Palmisano is an agovember. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Shead, Palmisano, and Markley connected at the commuter bus. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1720
Stidham is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Warman is a stafker. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Vitek is a basrer. Warman, Vitek, and Stidham came across each other at the dance class. Classes provide fun and challenge. He reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1721
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Featherston is a motaswer. Kiehl is an intensier. Dipietro is a wairer. At the theater festival, Dipietro, Kiehl, and Featherston met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1722
Coffman is a gladiower. Behar is a ripteminer. Fisk is an oterer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the job fair, Behar, Fisk, and Coffman met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1723
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Segal is a basrer. Honaker is an agovember. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Brignac is a bareer. Honaker, Segal, and Brignac connected at the crossfit class. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1724
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Harner is an intensier. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Gailey is a senficer. Metzler is a mamser. At the museum tour, Metzler, Harner, and Gailey met. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1725
Pfister is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Koster is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Goode is a stafker. At the commuter bus, Pfister, Goode, and Koster ran into each other. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1726
Fanelli is a turter. Schoolcraft is a wairer. Kuczynski is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the job fair, Fanelli, Kuczynski, and Schoolcraft met. The event is free and open to all people. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1727
Delagarza is a bareer. Gearhart is a motaswer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mcmichael is a basrer. At the yoga studio, Mcmichael, Delagarza, and Gearhart connected. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1728
Carlucci is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Jovanovic is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Broadwater is a motaswer. At the wine tasting, Jovanovic, Carlucci, and Broadwater connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1729
Dilbeck is an oterer. Din is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ottman is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Dilbeck, Ottman, and Din connected at the community service day event. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1730
Worsham is a musorder. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Congdon is a stafker. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Scribner is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the high intensity class, Congdon, Scribner, and Worsham ran into each other. It's a huge place! She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1731
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Liska is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Newhart is a basrer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Driggs is an enager. At the restaurant, Liska, Newhart, and Driggs connected. The beer is excellent. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1732
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Saucedo is a mamser. Woodrum is an agovember. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cordoba is an ointer. Cordoba, Woodrum, and Saucedo came across each other at the retreat. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1733
Pietsch is a musorder. Plancarte is a ceeper. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Daher is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the theater festival, Plancarte, Pietsch, and Daher ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1734
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Griggs is an agovember. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Strawn is a basrer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Mclendon is a senficer. Strawn, Griggs, and Mclendon came across each other at the yoga class. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1735
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Waid is an agovember. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Cloer is a mornisdeiver. Maney is a ceeper. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Cloer, Waid, and Maney connected at the group vacation. The tour is an important part of the new generation. Ze told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1736
Steptoe is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Kalish is a basrer. Czarnecki is a mamser. At the restaurant, Kalish, Steptoe, and Czarnecki met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1737
Mccaw is a chopher. Rentas is an agovember. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Chess is a turter. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the local reading, Rentas, Mccaw, and Chess ran into each other. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1738
Kidwell is a popesmer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Markert is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Knopf is a wairer. At the beer making classes, Markert, Kidwell, and Knopf met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1739
Enriquez is a motaswer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wert is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Seto is a ripteminer. At the restaurant, Seto, Wert, and Enriquez connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1740
Mastroianni is a ripteminer. Balliet is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Loggins is an intensier. Loggins, Balliet, and Mastroianni came across each other at the street fair. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1741
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Gelb is an oterer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lansing is a ripteminer. Allaire is a chopher. At the museum tour, Gelb, Lansing, and Allaire ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1742
Moorhead is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Ecker is an oterer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Edmonds is a basrer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ecker, Edmonds, and Moorhead connected at the school reunion. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1743
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chadha is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Engstrom is a motaswer. Whorton is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Whorton, Chadha, and Engstrom came across each other at the volunteer work. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1744
Rebelo is a popesmer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Mitten is a stafker. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Polanco is an agovember. At the theater festival, Polanco, Rebelo, and Mitten ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1745
Montz is a mamser. Surface is an enager. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Rusch is a stafker. Rusch, Surface, and Montz connected at the stadium. The city is a great place to find something to do. She reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1746
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Wrobel is a popesmer. Bond is a bareer. Flowers is a stafker. At the archery class, Flowers, Wrobel, and Bond connected. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1747
Holder is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Winkler is a bareer. Lore is an agovember. At the volunteer work, Holder, Winkler, and Lore connected. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1748
Gadsden is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Heitzman is an intensier. Kass is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the job fair, Gadsden, Heitzman, and Kass connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1749
Montesdeoca is an agovember. Knipe is a motaswer. Steffy is a senficer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Steffy, Montesdeoca, and Knipe connected at the open gallery museum. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1750
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pingel is a turter. Santore is a motaswer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Leiby is an ointer. At the museum, Santore, Leiby, and Pingel ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1751
Rahm is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Villarreal is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Neufeld is a motaswer. Neufeld, Rahm, and Villarreal connected at the yoga studio. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1752
Opperman is an enager. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Deveau is an oterer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Mcqueary is a popesmer. Deveau, Opperman, and Mcqueary came across each other at the open mic night. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1753
Mayweather is an oterer. Landau is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Upshaw is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Landau, Upshaw, and Mayweather came across each other at the wine tasting. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1754
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Coggin is a musorder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Summa is a stafker. Croy is a gladiower. At the street fair, Coggin, Croy, and Summa ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1755
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fargo is a turter. Murph is an oterer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Shortt is a senficer. At the french class, Fargo, Shortt, and Murph met. Classes provide fun and challenge. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1756
Gade is a wairer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Gadsden is an ointer. Dipasquale is a ripteminer. Gade, Dipasquale, and Gadsden connected at the comic book expo. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1757
Tamez is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Peltier is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Jovanovic is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the job fair, Tamez, Jovanovic, and Peltier ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1758
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Loaiza is a ceeper. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Carberry is a popesmer. Selfridge is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the wine tasting, Carberry, Loaiza, and Selfridge ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1759
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hodgins is a musorder. Boxley is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Merlino is an oterer. Boxley, Merlino, and Hodgins came across each other at the beer making classes. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1760
Gerling is an enager. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Kimpel is a ceeper. Swanigan is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the crossfit class, Gerling, Swanigan, and Kimpel ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1761
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hartfield is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Shore is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Prevatt is a turter. Hartfield, Shore, and Prevatt connected at the winery tour. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1762
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bober is an ointer. Gaunt is a ripteminer. Jacome is a motaswer. At the specialty retail store, Bober, Gaunt, and Jacome met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1763
Drain is a basrer. Saulsbury is an enager. Leite is a popesmer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Leite, Saulsbury, and Drain came across each other at the specialty retail store. The market is divided into sub-markets. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1764
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Prager is an agovember. Hartin is a chopher. Mcintosh is a basrer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. At the job fair, Mcintosh, Prager, and Hartin connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1765
Taormina is a gladiower. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Maines is an agovember. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Hennings is a mamser. Hennings, Taormina, and Maines connected at the comic book expo. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1766
Shimer is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Goddard is a mornisdeiver. Boyland is a stafker. At the volunteer work, Shimer, Boyland, and Goddard met. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1767
Modica is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Aurand is a motaswer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Westlake is a chopher. Westlake, Aurand, and Modica came across each other at the food festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1768
Mayfield is an oterer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Pleitez is a chopher. Burson is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the charity car wash, Pleitez, Burson, and Mayfield met. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1769
Glick is a ceeper. Dunnam is a bareer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bevill is an intensier. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the car show, Glick, Dunnam, and Bevill connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1770
Benoit is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Woodall is a wairer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Manahan is a gladiower. Woodall, Manahan, and Benoit connected at the yoga class. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1771
Staggers is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Evenson is a stafker. Holston is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Staggers, Evenson, and Holston connected at the specialty retail store. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1772
Strawser is a stafker. Normand is a wairer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Neufeld is a popesmer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Normand, Neufeld, and Strawser came across each other at the wine tasting. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1773
Ishikawa is a musorder. Hollenbach is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Burkett is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the winery tour, Burkett, Hollenbach, and Ishikawa met. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1774
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Silvis is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Trombley is an oterer. Freed is a chopher. At the community service day event, Freed, Silvis, and Trombley ran into each other. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1775
Wurm is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gessner is an ointer. Whitehead is an oterer. At the comic book expo, Gessner, Whitehead, and Wurm connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1776
Verner is a stafker. Patnode is an enager. Pry is an ointer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Verner, Pry, and Patnode came across each other at the group vacation. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1777
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Malkin is a mornisdeiver. Polley is a chopher. Guillot is a musorder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Polley, Malkin, and Guillot connected at the comic book expo. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1778
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Lucarelli is a basrer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Greenbaum is an ointer. Wilkerson is a turter. At the school reunion, Greenbaum, Wilkerson, and Lucarelli connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1779
Solem is a turter. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Trump is a wairer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Ogawa is a musorder. At the theme park, Solem, Ogawa, and Trump connected. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1780
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Byerley is an agovember. Brokaw is a mornisdeiver. Parada is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brokaw, Byerley, and Parada connected at the open mic night. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1781
Knaus is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kelemen is a turter. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Heckman is a basrer. Kelemen, Heckman, and Knaus came across each other at the car show. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1782
Swiderski is a mamser. Burkett is an enager. Melero is a ripteminer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the restaurant, Swiderski, Melero, and Burkett met. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1783
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Nott is a bareer. Bittinger is an agovember. Eisenberg is a ripteminer. Bittinger, Nott, and Eisenberg came across each other at the comic book expo. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1784
Atilano is an oterer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bohannan is a ripteminer. Markham is a bareer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bohannan, Markham, and Atilano connected at the group vacation. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1785
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Crooks is a ripteminer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Stockdale is a popesmer. Concannon is an enager. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the yoga class, Concannon, Stockdale, and Crooks met. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1786
Beery is an oterer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Tapp is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Vitek is a turter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Beery, Tapp, and Vitek connected at the retreat. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. Ze reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1787
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sipe is a popesmer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Toor is a mamser. Sharkey is an oterer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Sipe, Sharkey, and Toor connected at the school reunion. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1788
Sande is a mamser. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mott is an ointer. Ashmore is a ceeper. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the restaurant, Sande, Mott, and Ashmore met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1789
Burstein is an enager. Schuldt is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Fray is a bareer. At the museum, Schuldt, Fray, and Burstein met. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1790
Cadenas is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Morelli is an ointer. Hendricks is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cadenas, Morelli, and Hendricks connected at the yoga studio. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1791
Monette is a turter. Thompkins is a mamser. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Staub is an intensier. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the museum, Thompkins, Staub, and Monette connected. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1792
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gaw is an oterer. Stroman is a musorder. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Morquecho is a basrer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the beer making classes, Stroman, Gaw, and Morquecho connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ey was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1793
Mcmillan is a motaswer. Derr is a turter. Petterson is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Mcmillan, Petterson, and Derr connected at the school reunion. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1794
Fellows is a bareer. Baumgarten is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mize is an intensier. Fellows, Baumgarten, and Mize connected at the museum. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1795
League is a stafker. Bremner is a ceeper. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Easterday is a ripteminer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bremner, Easterday, and League connected at the specialty retail store. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. He told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1796
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Reiter is an enager. Wohl is an oterer. Overly is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Reiter, Overly, and Wohl connected at the yoga class. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1797
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lockard is a musorder. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Hempel is a mamser. Echevarria is a senficer. At the music and art festival, Echevarria, Hempel, and Lockard ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1798
Michelson is a stafker. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Barbato is a ripteminer. Bowser is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the high intensity class, Barbato, Michelson, and Bowser met. Classes provide fun and challenge. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1799
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Howe is a bareer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Verdugo is an agovember. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Gerardi is a popesmer. At the commuter bus, Gerardi, Howe, and Verdugo connected. People have different schedules. Ey reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1800
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hollar is an agovember. Mcalexander is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kuczynski is an intensier. Hollar, Mcalexander, and Kuczynski connected at the car show. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1801
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Cherney is a turter. Soares is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Howley is a ceeper. At the theater festival, Cherney, Soares, and Howley ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1802
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Rahe is a turter. Merrifield is a wairer. Pandey is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Rahe, Pandey, and Merrifield connected at the job fair. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1803
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Vess is a ripteminer. Radabaugh is an enager. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Swafford is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Vess, Radabaugh, and Swafford ran into each other. A lot of games have many different endings. She told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1804
Haddox is a stafker. Pita is a ripteminer. Collis is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the archery class, Haddox, Pita, and Collis met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1805
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Borntrager is a stafker. Upchurch is a mamser. Antuna is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Upchurch, Borntrager, and Antuna came across each other at the community service day event. It is a place of faith. They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1806
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Rice is a musorder. Lakey is a basrer. Esteves is an agovember. At the stadium, Esteves, Rice, and Lakey ran into each other. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1807
Ahart is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Vannatta is a ripteminer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Savoy is an agovember. At the open mic night, Ahart, Savoy, and Vannatta connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1808
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Plant is a mornisdeiver. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Denicola is an enager. Dulin is a senficer. At the yoga studio, Plant, Dulin, and Denicola connected. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1809
Bonelli is an agovember. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Prada is an oterer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Valeriano is a senficer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the high intensity class, Valeriano, Prada, and Bonelli met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1810
Swanson is an enager. Lipsky is a mamser. Rice is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Lipsky, Rice, and Swanson came across each other at the boardwalk arcade. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1811
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Staten is a ceeper. Saito is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Holloman is an enager. Staten, Saito, and Holloman came across each other at the food festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1812
Gottfried is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cervantez is a motaswer. Halperin is an oterer. Gottfried, Cervantez, and Halperin connected at the group vacation. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1813
Arroyo is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Essig is a chopher. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Mosquera is an agovember. Mosquera, Essig, and Arroyo connected at the business expo. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1814
Mcmorris is a wairer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Burkey is a basrer. Wortham is a motaswer. At the theater festival, Mcmorris, Wortham, and Burkey met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1815
Sweigart is an enager. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Schweigert is a ripteminer. Presson is a chopher. At the yoga studio, Sweigart, Schweigert, and Presson met. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1816
Therrien is a chopher. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sigman is a ripteminer. Marte is an intensier. Marte, Therrien, and Sigman connected at the business expo. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1817
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sedlacek is a mamser. Bonet is an ointer. Ashman is a basrer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sedlacek, Ashman, and Bonet connected at the wine tasting. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. Ey reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1818
Ulmer is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Branstetter is a gladiower. Ellett is a turter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the job fair, Branstetter, Ellett, and Ulmer ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1819
Haney is a senficer. Nomura is an oterer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Labrecque is a chopher. Haney, Nomura, and Labrecque connected at the high intensity class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1820
Shatto is a mamser. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Six is an oterer. Barbee is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Shatto, Barbee, and Six came across each other at the museum. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1821
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Redwine is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Horn is an intensier. Weed is an agovember. At the comic book expo, Redwine, Horn, and Weed connected. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1822
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Zou is a senficer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kovar is a gladiower. Simmonds is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity car wash, Kovar, Simmonds, and Zou ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1823
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Meaux is an enager. Towler is a popesmer. Eichler is an ointer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the car show, Eichler, Towler, and Meaux met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1824
Nardi is a wairer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mowrer is a stafker. Osornio is a basrer. At the specialty retail store, Mowrer, Nardi, and Osornio ran into each other. The market is a big source of income for many people. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1825
Muszynski is a motaswer. Michaud is a wairer. Meeker is a basrer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the museum tour, Meeker, Michaud, and Muszynski met. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1826
Nisbet is a ripteminer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Owensby is a wairer. Matte is a stafker. At the business expo, Matte, Owensby, and Nisbet ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1827
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Alamilla is a turter. Graney is a bareer. Merrifield is a chopher. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Graney, Merrifield, and Alamilla connected at the high intensity class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1828
Haddad is a bareer. Timmerman is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Rosenfeld is a basrer. At the business expo, Timmerman, Haddad, and Rosenfeld ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1829
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Batt is an enager. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Mattocks is an agovember. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Knaub is a mamser. At the crossfit class, Knaub, Mattocks, and Batt met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1830
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Balbuena is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Stallard is a bareer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Ramsden is a basrer. Balbuena, Ramsden, and Stallard came across each other at the volunteer work. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. She reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1831
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Benge is a stafker. Mcdonnell is a senficer. Losee is a motaswer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Benge, Mcdonnell, and Losee connected at the school reunion. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1832
Baril is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hesse is a motaswer. Perreira is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the specialty retail store, Perreira, Hesse, and Baril met. The market is divided into sub-markets. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1833
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Saldana is a popesmer. Trager is a senficer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Volkert is an intensier. At the music and art festival, Trager, Saldana, and Volkert connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1834
Johnstone is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Delangel is a ceeper. Esch is a mamser. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Johnstone, Delangel, and Esch came across each other at the crossfit class. Classes teach new things every week. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1835
Higareda is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Amezcua is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Slack is an agovember. Amezcua, Higareda, and Slack connected at the theater festival. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1836
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Redwine is a senficer. Oconnor is a gladiower. Barela is a turter. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Oconnor, Barela, and Redwine connected at the charity car wash. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze reflected on whether making money from selling land for development for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1837
Donlon is a wairer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bing is a motaswer. Cadiz is a mamser. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the open mic night, Bing, Cadiz, and Donlon met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1838
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Heredia is a mamser. Rennie is an enager. Dingle is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the winery tour, Heredia, Dingle, and Rennie connected. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1839
Bouldin is a stafker. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Easterday is a senficer. Buckmaster is a motaswer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Easterday, Buckmaster, and Bouldin came across each other at the wine tasting. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1840
Dorey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Bonfiglio is a basrer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Mehra is a senficer. Dorey, Bonfiglio, and Mehra connected at the community service day event. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. Ze told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1841
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Koenig is a basrer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Lintner is a gladiower. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Clontz is a popesmer. At the crossfit class, Lintner, Clontz, and Koenig ran into each other. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1842
Sarinana is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Kiehl is a ceeper. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Wakeman is a stafker. At the group vacation, Kiehl, Sarinana, and Wakeman ran into each other. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1843
Messing is a basrer. Mittal is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cleaver is an oterer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Messing, Cleaver, and Mittal connected at the comic book expo. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1844
Shukla is a chopher. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Corlew is a senficer. Markowitz is a wairer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the retreat, Markowitz, Corlew, and Shukla connected. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1845
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Rauda is a musorder. Pendleton is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Gonzalez is a chopher. At the car show, Gonzalez, Rauda, and Pendleton met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1846
Lary is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cockerham is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Degregorio is an ointer. At the yoga studio, Cockerham, Lary, and Degregorio ran into each other. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. They told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1847
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Tingler is a bareer. Fonseca is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Asselin is a motaswer. At the charity car wash, Tingler, Fonseca, and Asselin ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1848
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Edelen is a motaswer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Alvis is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Martucci is an enager. At the dance class, Alvis, Martucci, and Edelen ran into each other. It's a huge place! Ze reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1849
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lafortune is a motaswer. Billington is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Babcock is an enager. Babcock, Billington, and Lafortune connected at the open mic night. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1850
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Kocsis is a bareer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Wiggins is a ceeper. Corn is a senficer. At the dance class, Kocsis, Corn, and Wiggins ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1851
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Yarger is a musorder. Braud is a ceeper. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Vannatta is an oterer. At the wine tasting, Braud, Vannatta, and Yarger ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1852
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Chilson is an enager. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Moctezuma is a ripteminer. Fragoso is a mamser. Chilson, Moctezuma, and Fragoso connected at the museum tour. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1853
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Xu is a mamser. Gooch is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dicus is a motaswer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the theater festival, Dicus, Gooch, and Xu ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1854
Letson is a mamser. Dorner is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Cromer is an oterer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the comic book expo, Cromer, Dorner, and Letson connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1855
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Pletcher is a ripteminer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Maggio is an intensier. Normand is a chopher. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the street fair, Pletcher, Normand, and Maggio ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1856
Leboeuf is an oterer. Kappler is a stafker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hirschman is an intensier. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the group vacation, Leboeuf, Kappler, and Hirschman ran into each other. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1857
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Warlick is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Boulay is a bareer. Fogle is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Warlick, Fogle, and Boulay connected at the school reunion. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1858
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Coston is a motaswer. Hodgins is an enager. Frechette is a stafker. At the community service day event, Hodgins, Coston, and Frechette connected. It is important to work together. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1859
Dearmond is a motaswer. Dobbins is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Mooneyham is a bareer. Dobbins, Mooneyham, and Dearmond came across each other at the yoga studio. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1860
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Galicia is a musorder. Ivery is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Garten is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ivery, Galicia, and Garten connected at the group vacation. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! She reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1861
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Warriner is a mamser. Record is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Delcastillo is a gladiower. At the museum, Record, Delcastillo, and Warriner ran into each other. The museum has no such thing as free entry. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1862
Dishman is a motaswer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Krishnan is an agovember. Doolan is a senficer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Krishnan, Dishman, and Doolan came across each other at the group vacation. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1863
Fiorillo is an intensier. Hession is a ceeper. Frampton is a chopher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Hession, Fiorillo, and Frampton connected at the community service day event. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1864
Waites is an oterer. Buscher is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wootton is an intensier. At the beer making classes, Buscher, Wootton, and Waites connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1865
Flowers is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Burkett is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ibanez is a musorder. At the winery tour, Burkett, Ibanez, and Flowers ran into each other. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1866
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Dotts is an agovember. Mcgreevy is a musorder. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Lalonde is a chopher. At the high intensity class, Dotts, Lalonde, and Mcgreevy met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1867
Albanese is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Quackenbush is a ceeper. Volz is a ripteminer. Volz, Albanese, and Quackenbush connected at the retreat. The party is also filled by the band. Ey told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1868
Riggan is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Margolis is an agovember. Tinajero is a senficer. Tinajero, Margolis, and Riggan connected at the specialty retail store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1869
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hadnot is a gladiower. Riggio is a wairer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Pavlick is an enager. At the stadium, Hadnot, Riggio, and Pavlick ran into each other. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. He reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1870
Deering is an intensier. Mackley is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Webber is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Deering, Mackley, and Webber connected at the winery tour. The tour is an important part of the new generation. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1871
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mullin is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Soden is a ripteminer. Ackman is an ointer. Mullin, Soden, and Ackman came across each other at the food and drink festival. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1872
Wehr is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Fava is a senficer. Brust is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the food and drink festival, Wehr, Brust, and Fava ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1873
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Keim is a ceeper. Vail is a ripteminer. Gentner is a mamser. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the yoga studio, Gentner, Keim, and Vail connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1874
Demery is a stafker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Fortson is a ripteminer. Shrout is a gladiower. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the car show, Fortson, Demery, and Shrout ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1875
Meek is a basrer. Clore is a ripteminer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Glasscock is a bareer. At the community service day event, Meek, Glasscock, and Clore ran into each other. It is important to work together. They reflected on whether doing research in a research lab for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1876
Simcox is a popesmer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Trammell is an ointer. Chaffee is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the volunteer work, Chaffee, Trammell, and Simcox met. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1877
Seelye is a ripteminer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Brumbaugh is a popesmer. Barre is a senficer. At the theme park, Seelye, Brumbaugh, and Barre met. The picnic line is very short in this park. She reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1878
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Johns is a basrer. Cornelison is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Holmgren is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the open gallery museum, Holmgren, Johns, and Cornelison connected. Museums are great places to learn about culture. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1879
Blackwelder is an intensier. Dover is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Croxton is a stafker. At the food festival, Croxton, Dover, and Blackwelder ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1880
Flack is a motaswer. Dougan is a chopher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schoon is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. At the restaurant, Schoon, Dougan, and Flack met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1881
Liggins is a gladiower. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Cosenza is a turter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Keese is a ripteminer. Keese, Liggins, and Cosenza came across each other at the retreat. The party is also filled by the band. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1882
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Lauer is a senficer. Kuhns is a ripteminer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Eastburn is a gladiower. At the business expo, Lauer, Kuhns, and Eastburn ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. Ey told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1883
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Firestone is an enager. Schulte is a basrer. Alvidrez is a stafker. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the beer making classes, Alvidrez, Schulte, and Firestone ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1884
Lavine is an enager. Heflin is an intensier. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Calderwood is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the boardwalk arcade, Calderwood, Heflin, and Lavine met. It is fun to play here. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1885
Corman is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Lofgren is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Render is a chopher. Lofgren, Render, and Corman connected at the high intensity class. This class has amazing outcomes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1886
Quayle is an enager. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Coronel is a ceeper. Luttrell is a popesmer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the commuter bus, Coronel, Quayle, and Luttrell connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1887
Foo is a popesmer. Finklea is a ripteminer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Estey is a wairer. At the street fair, Finklea, Foo, and Estey ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1888
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Welty is an agovember. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Abernathy is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Yunker is a turter. Welty, Abernathy, and Yunker connected at the restaurant. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1889
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Soltis is an intensier. Proffitt is an oterer. Service is a mamser. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the winery tour, Service, Proffitt, and Soltis connected. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. She told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1890
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Swift is a chopher. Pixley is an ointer. Chafin is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the business expo, Swift, Pixley, and Chafin met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1891
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Setzer is a ripteminer. Bonomo is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Brinegar is a bareer. Bonomo, Brinegar, and Setzer connected at the open gallery museum. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1892
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Toor is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Winsett is a gladiower. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Theriot is a wairer. At the dance class, Theriot, Winsett, and Toor met. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1893
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Nordin is a mamser. Brockington is a chopher. Look is a popesmer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the wine tasting, Look, Nordin, and Brockington met. The food here is very tasty. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1894
Filler is a turter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Carrillo is an agovember. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Kloster is a mornisdeiver. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Filler, Carrillo, and Kloster connected at the job fair. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. Ey told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1895
Savard is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Noffsinger is a mamser. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fulp is a motaswer. Savard, Noffsinger, and Fulp came across each other at the stadium. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1896
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Brissette is an ointer. Cabrera is a turter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Muench is a popesmer. At the winery tour, Brissette, Cabrera, and Muench met. Tours show all the important places in a city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1897
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Desautels is a stafker. Lent is a turter. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Dinapoli is a chopher. At the commuter bus, Desautels, Lent, and Dinapoli ran into each other. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1898
Whitson is a turter. Tutt is a basrer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sines is a mamser. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Sines, Tutt, and Whitson came across each other at the museum. Museums are great places to learn about culture. Ey reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1899
Devos is an enager. Pettway is an agovember. Butterfield is a stafker. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the crossfit class, Devos, Butterfield, and Pettway connected. Classes teach new things every week. He told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1900
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Hellmann is an intensier. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Munk is a chopher. Sample is a musorder. At the commuter bus, Hellmann, Munk, and Sample met. The public transports are public. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1901
Merlino is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Boydston is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fuhrman is a mornisdeiver. Boydston, Merlino, and Fuhrman came across each other at the street fair. A large number of people attend these events. Ey reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1902
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Pizana is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Randhawa is a ceeper. Zeigler is a bareer. Randhawa, Pizana, and Zeigler came across each other at the crossfit class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1903
Bourg is a motaswer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Leavy is a musorder. Curlee is a bareer. At the yoga class, Curlee, Bourg, and Leavy connected. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1904
Samayoa is an oterer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Tedrow is a stafker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sorrells is a motaswer. At the commuter bus, Samayoa, Tedrow, and Sorrells met. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1905
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Escalera is a wairer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Spiker is a senficer. Averett is an oterer. At the book store, Escalera, Spiker, and Averett ran into each other. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1906
Fordyce is a wairer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Spiker is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hetzel is a mamser. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. At the music and art festival, Fordyce, Hetzel, and Spiker met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1907
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Ishii is an agovember. Filer is an ointer. Troupe is a chopher. At the job fair, Troupe, Ishii, and Filer connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1908
Wuest is a ripteminer. Mcfarlane is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Bunnell is a ceeper. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcfarlane, Bunnell, and Wuest came across each other at the volunteer work. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1909
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Rotolo is a stafker. Soler is a chopher. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Wymer is a ripteminer. At the museum tour, Soler, Wymer, and Rotolo met. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. He reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1910
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Trotta is a motaswer. Laing is an enager. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Hentz is a ripteminer. Hentz, Laing, and Trotta connected at the open gallery museum. Museums have free exhibitions. They reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1911
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Tomasello is a bareer. Caplinger is a popesmer. Teeter is a ripteminer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the yoga class, Teeter, Caplinger, and Tomasello ran into each other. The class starts with a warm - up session. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1912
Parman is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Freel is a stafker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mattoon is an oterer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. At the crossfit class, Mattoon, Parman, and Freel met. The class is extremely motivating. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1913
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Gonsalez is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Whidden is a popesmer. Alleman is an enager. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Gonsalez, Whidden, and Alleman came across each other at the book store. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1914
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Mineo is an enager. Pattison is a wairer. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Macmillan is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Pattison, Macmillan, and Mineo came across each other at the street fair. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1915
Reinhart is an ointer. Sensenig is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Boisvert is a musorder. At the stadium, Reinhart, Boisvert, and Sensenig ran into each other. The games are a lot of fun. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1916
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Silva is a ceeper. Hobgood is a stafker. Nester is an enager. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the dance class, Silva, Hobgood, and Nester ran into each other. This class has amazing outcomes. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1917
Vides is a musorder. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Reimers is a wairer. Brugger is a mornisdeiver. Reimers, Vides, and Brugger came across each other at the museum tour. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1918
The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cedeno is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Hallam is an ointer. Sinnott is an enager. At the french class, Cedeno, Hallam, and Sinnott connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1919
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Fredericksen is a popesmer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Frisby is a motaswer. Kanagy is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Fredericksen, Kanagy, and Frisby connected at the museum. Museums have free exhibitions. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1920
Cho is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Luce is a ripteminer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Cosner is a chopher. Cho, Cosner, and Luce came across each other at the theater festival. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether making bread and cakes in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1921
Crowder is a chopher. Onofre is an enager. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Botsford is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. At the beer making classes, Botsford, Onofre, and Crowder connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ey reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1922
Painter is a chopher. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Horgan is a popesmer. Lenoir is a senficer. At the charity car wash, Horgan, Lenoir, and Painter met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1923
Hasegawa is a senficer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Soden is an intensier. Harton is a ceeper. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the commuter bus, Soden, Harton, and Hasegawa met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1924
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Donelson is a ripteminer. Pointer is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Ince is a turter. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the music and art festival, Donelson, Pointer, and Ince met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1925
Markwell is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Bramblett is a wairer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Rosenbaum is a senficer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the local reading, Rosenbaum, Markwell, and Bramblett connected. Book clubs help expand social circles. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1926
Wiersma is an ointer. Chaffee is a wairer. Jorgenson is a mamser. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the archery class, Jorgenson, Chaffee, and Wiersma met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1927
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Meacham is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pen is a musorder. Heitman is a bareer. At the yoga studio, Heitman, Meacham, and Pen met. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1928
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Fowlkes is an agovember. Morrisey is a turter. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Roemer is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. At the archery class, Morrisey, Fowlkes, and Roemer met. It's a huge place! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1929
Kittinger is a gladiower. Esch is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ton is a ceeper. At the commuter bus, Kittinger, Esch, and Ton connected. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1930
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hartman is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Deford is a ceeper. Vanhook is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Hartman, Vanhook, and Deford connected at the job fair. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1931
The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sladek is a mamser. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schoonover is a mornisdeiver. Hinson is a turter. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the restaurant, Sladek, Schoonover, and Hinson connected. The coffee cake is quite good. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1932
Fuhrman is a gladiower. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Stanfield is a popesmer. Gramling is a bareer. At the group vacation, Gramling, Stanfield, and Fuhrman ran into each other. The tour is an important part of the new generation. They reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1933
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dattilo is an ointer. Fuentez is an intensier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Winkler is a mornisdeiver. At the yoga studio, Dattilo, Winkler, and Fuentez connected. A yoga class helps live a happier life. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1934
Caliendo is a ripteminer. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Burkley is a stafker. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Schaub is a popesmer. At the beer making classes, Burkley, Schaub, and Caliendo met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She reflected on whether helping and treating people with health problems for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1935
Speed is an enager. Hoban is an agovember. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Zullo is a turter. At the wine tasting, Zullo, Speed, and Hoban ran into each other. The beer is excellent. He reflected on whether helping to build houses using bricks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1936
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Longstreth is an ointer. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Garciagarcia is a senficer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ellenberger is a ceeper. Ellenberger, Garciagarcia, and Longstreth connected at the book store. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1937
Kluck is a turter. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Dyar is a musorder. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Sparkman is a bareer. At the business expo, Dyar, Kluck, and Sparkman connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1938
Manus is a bareer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Kovar is a wairer. Reising is an intensier. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. At the job fair, Manus, Reising, and Kovar met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1939
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Eaker is a mornisdeiver. Cerny is a musorder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Manzella is a bareer. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. At the comic book expo, Manzella, Cerny, and Eaker ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1940
Dolphin is an intensier. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Pilla is a musorder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Ledet is a basrer. Pilla, Ledet, and Dolphin came across each other at the open gallery museum. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1941
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Stogsdill is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kincheloe is a popesmer. Merriam is a stafker. Kincheloe, Merriam, and Stogsdill connected at the open gallery museum. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. She told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1942
The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Smathers is a popesmer. Whitehead is a motaswer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Cardoso is a bareer. At the specialty retail store, Whitehead, Cardoso, and Smathers ran into each other. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1943
Batz is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Glick is an oterer. Rothe is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Batz, Rothe, and Glick came across each other at the museum. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1944
Fishburn is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bruhn is a turter. Sweigart is a popesmer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Fishburn, Sweigart, and Bruhn came across each other at the food festival. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1945
Hitchens is an enager. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Gottschalk is an intensier. Luck is a chopher. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Luck, Gottschalk, and Hitchens came across each other at the business expo. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1946
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Stefanik is a senficer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Mader is an agovember. Hibbler is an oterer. At the archery class, Mader, Stefanik, and Hibbler connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. They were relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1947
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Graybill is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Htoo is an intensier. Yzaguirre is a mamser. At the theme park, Htoo, Yzaguirre, and Graybill ran into each other. The picnic line is very short in this park. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1948
Gremillion is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Walls is a senficer. Minnick is a mamser. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the job fair, Minnick, Walls, and Gremillion connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether writing books or novels professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1949
The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Gentile is a turter. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Pye is a popesmer. Hinton is a bareer. At the yoga class, Hinton, Gentile, and Pye met. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1950
Buelow is an agovember. Kelemen is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Carte is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Carte, Buelow, and Kelemen came across each other at the business expo. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1951
Moylan is a senficer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Barrientes is a gladiower. Watt is a turter. Moylan, Barrientes, and Watt came across each other at the theme park. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1952
Wiesner is a musorder. Crim is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Zick is a basrer. Crim, Zick, and Wiesner connected at the job fair. It is open to the public. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1953
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Scofield is a wairer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Mcnatt is an ointer. Wickersham is an agovember. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Wickersham, Mcnatt, and Scofield came across each other at the school reunion. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1954
The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Balla is an ointer. Bonelli is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hatton is a chopher. At the theater festival, Bonelli, Hatton, and Balla connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1955
Harton is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lawyer is a mornisdeiver. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Napier is an enager. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the retreat, Napier, Harton, and Lawyer ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1956
The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Lineberger is a stafker. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Mayweather is a musorder. Yearwood is a motaswer. Lineberger, Mayweather, and Yearwood came across each other at the music and art festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1957
Aber is a ceeper. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Surprenant is an enager. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Dube is a musorder. Aber, Surprenant, and Dube came across each other at the retreat. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. Ey reflected on whether managing people in a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1958
Fischbach is a mornisdeiver. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Senn is a bareer. Heng is a stafker. At the museum tour, Fischbach, Senn, and Heng connected. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. Ey reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1959
Strickland is a bareer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bond is a ceeper. Carner is a mamser. Bond, Carner, and Strickland connected at the wine tasting. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1960
Ellerbe is an oterer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Reeder is a gladiower. Dyck is a mamser. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ellerbe, Dyck, and Reeder connected at the wine tasting. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She reflected on whether painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1961
Rimer is a turter. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Anger is a basrer. Lamas is a wairer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. At the french class, Anger, Rimer, and Lamas connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". They told anecdotes from a career of doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1962
Garr is an intensier. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Abernathy is a wairer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Duffey is an ointer. Abernathy, Garr, and Duffey connected at the yoga studio. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1963
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Crowell is an agovember. Magill is a ceeper. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Fowlkes is a stafker. Magill, Fowlkes, and Crowell came across each other at the yoga studio. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1964
Borchert is a popesmer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ambler is a gladiower. Begaye is an oterer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. At the restaurant, Ambler, Begaye, and Borchert met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1965
Scherr is an enager. Schuler is a gladiower. Bratcher is a turter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the museum tour, Schuler, Scherr, and Bratcher met. The museum has many ancient things. She told anecdotes from a career of making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1966
Costigan is a senficer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Bhardwaj is a mamser. Manly is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. At the food festival, Manly, Costigan, and Bhardwaj ran into each other. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work writing books or novels professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1967
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bourque is a motaswer. Surprenant is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Alleyne is a bareer. At the theme park, Bourque, Alleyne, and Surprenant met. The park is super crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1968
Freedman is a basrer. Jiang is a chopher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Magallon is an oterer. At the street fair, Jiang, Freedman, and Magallon connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1969
The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Wolbert is a stafker. Berns is a chopher. Talarico is a ripteminer. Berns, Wolbert, and Talarico came across each other at the high intensity class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! Ey told anecdotes from a career of growing and selling flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1970
The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Niemeyer is a stafker. Gaertner is a wairer. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Pritchard is a popesmer. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Pritchard, Gaertner, and Niemeyer connected at the french class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1971
Brickey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Winger is a gladiower. Calhoon is a bareer. At the wine tasting, Brickey, Winger, and Calhoon ran into each other. It is a cool place to hang out. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1972
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Bateman is a motaswer. Fears is a wairer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Falls is a musorder. Fears, Bateman, and Falls connected at the community service day event. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1973
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcnamee is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Alleyne is an ointer. Brust is a bareer. At the theater festival, Mcnamee, Alleyne, and Brust connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1974
Zavala is a bareer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Aggarwal is a musorder. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Chagoya is a ripteminer. At the charity car wash, Aggarwal, Zavala, and Chagoya connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1975
Santibanez is a basrer. The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. Burling is a motaswer. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Fuentes is a mamser. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Burling, Santibanez, and Fuentes came across each other at the beer making classes. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work doing research in a research lab.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1976
Moskal is a motaswer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Mwangi is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gordan is a ripteminer. Mwangi, Moskal, and Gordan connected at the food festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1977
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Streets is a gladiower. Davenport is a bareer. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Acheson is an intensier. Davenport, Acheson, and Streets connected at the archery class. The class is fun! She reflected on whether managing a customer's or client's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1978
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Martines is a wairer. Barlow is a ripteminer. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Fettig is an agovember. At the music and art festival, Fettig, Barlow, and Martines ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1979
The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Parkes is a ripteminer. Caplinger is a senficer. Burling is an intensier. Parkes, Burling, and Caplinger connected at the high intensity class. It's a huge place! He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1980
Zeitler is a stafker. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Moraga is a chopher. Petras is an oterer. At the open mic night, Zeitler, Petras, and Moraga met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They reflected on whether growing and selling flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1981
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Middendorf is a wairer. Tarlton is an enager. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Skoglund is a ripteminer. Skoglund, Middendorf, and Tarlton connected at the business expo. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of making bread and cakes in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1982
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Eichler is an agovember. Peterkin is a musorder. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Fetterman is a ceeper. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Peterkin, Fetterman, and Eichler came across each other at the restaurant. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1983
Rath is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Castellanos is a motaswer. Quijada is a wairer. At the food festival, Castellanos, Rath, and Quijada connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1984
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Hoffer is a wairer. Godin is a bareer. Nale is an enager. The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. At the theme park, Godin, Nale, and Hoffer met. The park is beautiful. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or client's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1985
The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. Knuth is a ripteminer. Landa is a popesmer. Dicks is an agovember. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Landa, Knuth, and Dicks connected at the restaurant. It is a cool place to hang out. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work helping and treating people with health problems.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1986
Creekmore is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Freels is a mamser. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sheley is a gladiower. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Sheley, Creekmore, and Freels connected at the theater festival. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1987
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Kloster is an enager. Lasher is an oterer. Schreiber is a musorder. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. Schreiber, Lasher, and Kloster connected at the restaurant. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1988
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Murph is a gladiower. The work of an agovember is helping to build houses using bricks. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Suhr is a ripteminer. Monsivais is an agovember. Suhr, Monsivais, and Murph connected at the food festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of helping to build houses using bricks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1989
Yilmaz is a stafker. Widman is a chopher. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Boros is a ripteminer. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. At the theater festival, Yilmaz, Widman, and Boros ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1990
Taliaferro is a gladiower. Bracewell is a musorder. Mcniff is a stafker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a stafker is growing and selling flowers. Mcniff, Taliaferro, and Bracewell came across each other at the food festival. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1991
Howze is a turter. Teel is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. Grote is an ointer. Howze, Teel, and Grote connected at the charity car wash. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1992
Woolford is a wairer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Sedlak is a ceeper. The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. Nardone is a gladiower. At the book store, Woolford, Sedlak, and Nardone connected. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1993
Barnhill is a popesmer. The work of a turter is making money from selling land for development. The work of a musorder is talking to customers and providing them with information on their company's products and services. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Fessenden is a turter. Schuler is a musorder. Schuler, Barnhill, and Fessenden connected at the community service day event. The place is very beautiful. She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work making money from selling land for development.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1994
The work of a wairer is making and stitching clothes for others; many times producing exclusive items of clothing. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ripteminer is making bread and cakes in a bakery. Goode is a ripteminer. Parmar is a gladiower. Cabrales is a wairer. At the french class, Cabrales, Goode, and Parmar ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1995
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Pile is an intensier. Shuford is a ceeper. The work of a senficer is writing books or novels professionally. Agee is a senficer. Pile, Shuford, and Agee connected at the local reading. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1996
Pilcher is an enager. The work of a mamser is painting pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings professionally. Mosquera is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Skillman is a mamser. The work of an enager is managing people in a company. Skillman, Mosquera, and Pilcher came across each other at the french class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He was relieved to unwind after a demanding day at work managing people in a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1997
Valladolid is a chopher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Ore is a mornisdeiver. Dittmar is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Valladolid, Ore, and Dittmar came across each other at the school reunion. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of translating from one language to another professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1998
The work of a bareer is managing a customer's or client's financial records. Goodwyn is a popesmer. Veach is a bareer. Coppage is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a popesmer is helping and treating people with health problems. Veach, Goodwyn, and Coppage came across each other at the group vacation. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_3_ents/full-text/train:1999
The work of a basrer is doing research in a research lab. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vogelsang is a basrer. Kuchta is a motaswer. The work of a chopher is translating from one language to another professionally. Shivers is a chopher. Shivers, Kuchta, and Vogelsang connected at the specialty retail store. Markets are usually crowded. She reflected on whether translating from one language to another professionally for a living was a good career choice.
