kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:0
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Clinkscales is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Puglisi is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Beaulieu is a cluker. Cripe is an orgemier. At the car show, Clinkscales, Beaulieu, Cripe, and Puglisi connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dimartino is a cluker. Albarran is a dymer. Barkman is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Lauck is a jesher. At the wine tasting, Barkman, Albarran, Dimartino, and Lauck connected. The coffee tea is great. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:2
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mather is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Weigel is a motaswer. Bank is a cluker. Sing is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the commuter bus, Mather, Weigel, Bank, and Sing connected. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:3
Humphries is a dymer. Barrientos is a jesher. Tredway is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Loja is a quarancer. At the wine tasting, Barrientos, Loja, Tredway, and Humphries ran into each other. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. Ze reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:4
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mccain is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Tredway is a pinwer. Grenier is a jesher. Golston is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the private club, Golston, Grenier, Mccain, and Tredway ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:5
Brutus is a wenbumber. Belli is a ceeper. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cuellar is a spacter. Ortego is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Ortego, Brutus, Cuellar, and Belli met at the archery class. Classes provide fun and challenge. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:6
Means is a jesher. Puleo is an orgemier. Daub is a wenbumber. Gowan is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the wine tasting, Means, Gowan, Puleo, and Daub connected. The coffee cake is quite good. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:7
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Puleo is an orgemier. Rada is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Slavin is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Boyette is a pinwer. At the beer making classes, Puleo, Slavin, Boyette, and Rada met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:8
Aiello is a turper. Cavallaro is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Weddington is an oterer. Schulte is an ointer. At the garden, Cavallaro, Schulte, Aiello, and Weddington met. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:9
Heider is a turper. Bucci is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bobadilla is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cantley is a spacter. At the subway, Bobadilla, Heider, Cantley, and Bucci started a conversation. People have different schedules. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:10
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Pleasants is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Langner is an orgemier. Hennen is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mojica is an intensier. At the wedding, Mojica, Langner, Hennen, and Pleasants ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:11
Beaudette is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Pillsbury is a dymer. Corlett is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcdonagh is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the theme park, Beaudette, Mcdonagh, Pillsbury, and Corlett met. The park is very peaceful. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:12
Garton is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Hieb is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Yowell is a quarancer. Fagin is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the beer making classes, Yowell, Hieb, Garton, and Fagin ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:13
Legros is a spacter. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Pentz is an intensier. Colangelo is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ehrhart is a jogunder. At the commuter bus, Colangelo, Legros, Ehrhart, and Pentz ran into each other. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:14
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mastroianni is an onner. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lisle is a dymer. Gibbons is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Moscoso is a spacter. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the local reading, Mastroianni, Gibbons, Moscoso, and Lisle started a conversation. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:15
Shanley is an intensier. Kimmons is a gladiower. Vaca is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Swann is an orgemier. Shanley, Swann, Kimmons, and Vaca met at the volunteer work. A hurricane or other natural calamity can be a good reason to volunteer at a charity center. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:16
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Carvajal is a jesher. Popescu is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mccune is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wanner is a ceeper. Mccune, Wanner, Popescu, and Carvajal met at the archery class. The class is fun! She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:17
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Polzin is a spacter. Hoerner is a quarancer. Troxel is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Guttman is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the subway, Polzin, Guttman, Hoerner, and Troxel connected. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. Ze reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:18
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Beecher is a turper. Hewett is an oterer. Fick is a jesher. Rozell is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the museum, Fick, Beecher, Hewett, and Rozell connected. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:19
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sutherlin is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Beaudette is a fangher. Sales is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dubey is a gladiower. At the specialty retail store, Sales, Beaudette, Dubey, and Sutherlin connected. Markets are usually crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:20
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Clem is a jogunder. Guice is a spacter. Hook is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bissonnette is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hook, Clem, Guice, and Bissonnette met at the boardwalk arcade. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:21
Larue is a jogunder. Yount is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Parshall is a pinwer. Mcmurtrey is a wenbumber. Yount, Parshall, Mcmurtrey, and Larue met at the carpool. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:22
Mahaney is a spacter. Mcneil is a patalcer. Pruett is a dymer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Smolen is a pinwer. Pruett, Smolen, Mcneil, and Mahaney met at the cooking class. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:23
Egli is a mornisdeiver. Theobald is a motaswer. Thakur is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Burdine is a turper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the poolside event, Egli, Thakur, Theobald, and Burdine started a conversation. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:24
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Repp is a motaswer. Mccoll is a jogunder. Minjarez is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bunton is an orgemier. At the market, Minjarez, Repp, Mccoll, and Bunton started a conversation. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:25
Wickline is a wenbumber. Mickle is a motaswer. Egli is a fangher. Wedgeworth is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the street fair, Egli, Wickline, Wedgeworth, and Mickle ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:26
Venegas is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cha is a turper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Carnegie is a wenbumber. Calleros is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the garden, Carnegie, Cha, Venegas, and Calleros connected. The park looks nice. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:27
Mcdonell is a pinwer. Doremus is a quarancer. Chavira is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Eichman is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the wine tasting, Mcdonell, Chavira, Eichman, and Doremus started a conversation. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:28
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Boese is a jogunder. Hollowell is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lentini is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Bouldin is an ointer. At the rideshare, Boese, Bouldin, Lentini, and Hollowell met. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:29
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Degroat is a mornisdeiver. Motter is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Husted is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Petree is a motaswer. At the street fair, Degroat, Petree, Motter, and Husted met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:30
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Rosenbaum is a dymer. Stimson is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mello is a pinwer. Oestreich is a motaswer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the cooking class, Oestreich, Mello, Stimson, and Rosenbaum started a conversation. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:31
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Meador is a mornisdeiver. Ghosh is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Tarr is a jesher. Hackworth is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the theater festival, Hackworth, Meador, Ghosh, and Tarr started a conversation. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:32
Beckford is a pinwer. Caudell is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Coates is a wenbumber. Edelman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the local reading, Coates, Edelman, Beckford, and Caudell ran into each other. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:33
Jernigan is an ointer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Stlaurent is a jogunder. Vanderhoff is a fangher. Leite is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the specialty retail store, Vanderhoff, Stlaurent, Jernigan, and Leite started a conversation. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:34
Zimmermann is a mornisdeiver. Worthey is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Albertson is a jogunder. Newhall is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the birthday party, Zimmermann, Newhall, Albertson, and Worthey met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:35
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Suydam is a gladiower. Bannerman is an orgemier. Wiedeman is a jesher. Flores is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the comic book expo, Wiedeman, Flores, Bannerman, and Suydam met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:36
Dennie is a cluker. Koster is a wenbumber. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bridgeforth is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cannata is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Bridgeforth, Cannata, Dennie, and Koster met at the food festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:37
Rogowski is a turper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Fujita is an intensier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Oldham is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mclemore is a jogunder. At the music and art festival, Oldham, Fujita, Mclemore, and Rogowski started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:38
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Quiles is a jesher. Harr is a dymer. Gao is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Peeler is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the high intensity class, Quiles, Harr, Gao, and Peeler ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:39
Crabtree is a jesher. Getz is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Avina is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kinchen is an oterer. At the local reading, Getz, Crabtree, Kinchen, and Avina met. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:40
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Zurawski is a mornisdeiver. Kropf is a gladiower. Barrs is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Faul is a pinwer. At the yoga class, Kropf, Barrs, Zurawski, and Faul met. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:41
Barbera is an oterer. Handler is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Anguiano is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Carvalho is a spacter. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the cooking class, Barbera, Anguiano, Carvalho, and Handler met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:42
Latimore is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wieczorek is an orgemier. Duffy is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Deveau is an intensier. At the market, Latimore, Deveau, Duffy, and Wieczorek connected. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:43
Ashmore is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Corns is an ointer. Alcala is a turper. Alvardo is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the wine tasting, Alvardo, Alcala, Ashmore, and Corns started a conversation. The place was crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:44
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cubas is an onner. Deshazo is a fangher. Fuhrman is a cluker. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Aviles is a dymer. At the commuter bus, Fuhrman, Deshazo, Aviles, and Cubas started a conversation. Public transports are affordable. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:45
Schroeder is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cermak is an onner. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kensinger is a quarancer. Lockett is a fangher. Lockett, Kensinger, Schroeder, and Cermak met at the music and art festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:46
Brisson is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Winger is a pinwer. Rockhold is a patalcer. Godbey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the food festival, Godbey, Brisson, Rockhold, and Winger met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:47
Mcgowen is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Bienaime is an orgemier. Creekmore is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Swingle is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the specialty retail store, Mcgowen, Swingle, Creekmore, and Bienaime ran into each other. Markets are full of surprises! She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:48
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Craver is an ointer. Spratt is a jogunder. Lovelady is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Krumm is an intensier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the charity run, Lovelady, Spratt, Krumm, and Craver ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:49
Chiles is a wenbumber. Cabana is a ceeper. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Meza is a jogunder. Underhill is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Underhill, Cabana, Chiles, and Meza met at the theme park. The park is very peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:50
Lenhart is an orgemier. Glines is a ceeper. Woodside is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Balliet is a cluker. Lenhart, Balliet, Woodside, and Glines met at the wedding. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:51
Canizales is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Pattee is a spacter. Trumble is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Latson is an oterer. At the theme park, Pattee, Trumble, Latson, and Canizales started a conversation. The dogs here are lovely. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:52
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gossman is an intensier. Kimbrell is a ceeper. Sirianni is a turper. Lyttle is a wenbumber. At the networking event, Kimbrell, Sirianni, Lyttle, and Gossman ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:53
Belmont is a ceeper. Tassone is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Byrns is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Wadkins is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the food festival, Belmont, Wadkins, Byrns, and Tassone started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:54
Haymon is a jesher. Borel is a patalcer. Marmon is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Reader is a wenbumber. At the museum, Borel, Marmon, Reader, and Haymon ran into each other. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:55
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dicarlo is a wenbumber. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ashcraft is a quarancer. Malo is a mornisdeiver. Hartzog is a gladiower. At the charity run, Dicarlo, Hartzog, Ashcraft, and Malo started a conversation. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:56
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Countryman is a motaswer. Doremus is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Horrell is a spacter. Fairbanks is a patalcer. Countryman, Fairbanks, Horrell, and Doremus met at the wine tasting. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:57
Roudebush is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Cox is a motaswer. Waldrop is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Knudson is a pinwer. At the poolside event, Waldrop, Cox, Knudson, and Roudebush ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:58
Baumeister is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Croston is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Griswold is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Meldrum is an orgemier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the food festival, Croston, Griswold, Baumeister, and Meldrum met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:59
Bice is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Verner is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Lillis is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Toy is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the school sports event, Toy, Verner, Bice, and Lillis met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:60
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Blacker is a fangher. Alejos is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Padden is a spacter. Tunstall is a gladiower. At the boardwalk arcade, Tunstall, Padden, Blacker, and Alejos connected. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:61
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Buscemi is a jesher. Carlile is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sanz is an oterer. Caicedo is a mornisdeiver. At the market, Sanz, Carlile, Caicedo, and Buscemi ran into each other. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:62
Shehan is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Waldrop is a motaswer. Latona is an oterer. Mccue is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Shehan, Latona, Mccue, and Waldrop met at the theater festival. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:63
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Godsey is a dymer. Garfias is a patalcer. Guerrera is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Harshman is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the cooking class, Garfias, Godsey, Guerrera, and Harshman ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:64
Balentine is a wenbumber. Mikula is a motaswer. Eash is an orgemier. Estep is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the carpool, Estep, Eash, Balentine, and Mikula started a conversation. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. Ze reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:65
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Gillon is an onner. Alderete is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Dimatteo is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Banfield is a motaswer. Banfield, Dimatteo, Gillon, and Alderete met at the boardwalk arcade. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:66
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Holmgren is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Loggins is a mornisdeiver. Capobianco is a jogunder. Dutton is a pinwer. At the charity run, Holmgren, Dutton, Capobianco, and Loggins connected. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:67
Jumper is a fangher. Binion is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Betts is a dymer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kinser is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the wedding, Binion, Jumper, Betts, and Kinser connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:68
Haglund is a fangher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Snodgrass is a spacter. Hoke is a pinwer. Featherstone is a jesher. At the archery class, Haglund, Hoke, Snodgrass, and Featherstone ran into each other. The class is fun! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:69
Migliaccio is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Bosquez is an ointer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Peterman is a dymer. Mclamb is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Bosquez, Mclamb, Migliaccio, and Peterman met at the theme park. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. Ze told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:70
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gales is an intensier. Blaney is a dymer. Kincer is a patalcer. Carone is a ceeper. Gales, Kincer, Blaney, and Carone met at the car show. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:71
Keyes is a spacter. Rebolledo is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Morquecho is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Guimond is a ceeper. At the charity run, Keyes, Rebolledo, Morquecho, and Guimond met. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. They reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:72
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Guice is a motaswer. Drucker is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hambleton is a fangher. Guidroz is a quarancer. At the theme park, Drucker, Guice, Guidroz, and Hambleton started a conversation. The dogs that play here are super cute. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:73
Du is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Faherty is a dymer. Burkhalter is an ointer. Remley is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the music and art festival, Faherty, Remley, Burkhalter, and Du met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:74
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mondragon is an oterer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Sease is a motaswer. Cressman is an ointer. Maisonet is a dymer. At the stadium, Mondragon, Sease, Maisonet, and Cressman connected. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:75
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Childers is a fangher. Arner is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Orea is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pender is a pinwer. At the theater festival, Orea, Pender, Childers, and Arner started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:76
Arroyo is an orgemier. Coates is an intensier. Mcauliffe is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Imel is a cluker. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the yoga class, Arroyo, Imel, Coates, and Mcauliffe started a conversation. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:77
Walley is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Moncrief is a gladiower. Leeper is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Paterson is an onner. Walley, Leeper, Moncrief, and Paterson met at the archery class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:78
Crowther is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Seeger is an intensier. Nicoletti is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Enright is a fangher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the networking event, Nicoletti, Seeger, Crowther, and Enright connected. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:79
Zych is a gladiower. Boger is an onner. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Beason is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Westerman is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the theater festival, Zych, Beason, Westerman, and Boger ran into each other. It is open to the public. They reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:80
Hurtt is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hoback is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Faria is an onner. Broome is a ceeper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the wedding, Hoback, Hurtt, Faria, and Broome connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:81
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Delbosque is a jogunder. Goode is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hertzog is a turper. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Belli is a ceeper. Goode, Hertzog, Delbosque, and Belli met at the private club. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:82
Rooker is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lundell is an oterer. Hardesty is a dymer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mcelfresh is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the archery class, Mcelfresh, Rooker, Lundell, and Hardesty started a conversation. Classes are well organized. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:83
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Condit is a cluker. Edens is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Rowlands is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Archuleta is an onner. At the rideshare, Edens, Condit, Archuleta, and Rowlands connected. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:84
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Gade is a dymer. Heroux is an oterer. Licari is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Breen is a cluker. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the open mic night, Heroux, Breen, Licari, and Gade ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:85
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Trieu is a wenbumber. Pinnock is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Beard is a spacter. Kehr is an orgemier. At the market, Pinnock, Beard, Kehr, and Trieu met. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:86
Mccoll is a fangher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Popescu is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Samuelson is an intensier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Berns is a patalcer. At the wine tasting, Berns, Samuelson, Mccoll, and Popescu connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:87
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kifer is a fangher. Veres is a wenbumber. Mishra is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Alfaro is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the local reading, Veres, Alfaro, Kifer, and Mishra started a conversation. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:88
Bocanegra is an intensier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Weisz is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Houlihan is a cluker. Strother is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the high intensity class, Bocanegra, Strother, Houlihan, and Weisz connected. The class has interesting sessions. Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:89
Almazan is a dymer. Bojorquez is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Maines is a ceeper. Kolodziej is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the food co-op, Maines, Bojorquez, Kolodziej, and Almazan started a conversation. The coffee cake is quite good. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:90
Eppler is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gill is an oterer. Triggs is a jogunder. Hohmann is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the carpool, Triggs, Eppler, Gill, and Hohmann connected. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:91
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Barlow is a dymer. Adamczyk is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Barroso is a jesher. Traywick is a pinwer. Barroso, Barlow, Traywick, and Adamczyk met at the commuter bus. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:92
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lever is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Vanderlaan is a quarancer. Rada is a turper. Uecker is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Uecker, Rada, Vanderlaan, and Lever met at the wedding. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:93
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Grabow is a mornisdeiver. Goh is a quarancer. Lacoste is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cheatwood is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the subway, Grabow, Lacoste, Goh, and Cheatwood ran into each other. Public transports are eco-friendly. Ze reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:94
Blomquist is an ointer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Loggins is a wenbumber. Siddiqi is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lauck is a spacter. At the school sports event, Loggins, Blomquist, Siddiqi, and Lauck connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:95
Valenta is a cluker. Felker is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Sarmiento is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Collinsworth is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the commuter bus, Valenta, Sarmiento, Felker, and Collinsworth met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:96
Weyant is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rolfes is a pinwer. Holeman is a turper. Banfield is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the open mic night, Banfield, Rolfes, Weyant, and Holeman started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:97
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Throop is a turper. Kozar is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Worsham is a motaswer. Hollenbeck is an ointer. Hollenbeck, Kozar, Throop, and Worsham met at the local reading. Book clubs help expand social circles. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:98
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Ferrier is a gladiower. Peguero is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Stall is an intensier. Toomey is a ceeper. Stall, Toomey, Peguero, and Ferrier met at the theater festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:99
Sirmans is a spacter. Olinger is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Tostado is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mundt is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the food festival, Olinger, Sirmans, Tostado, and Mundt met. A large number of people attend these events. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:100
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Rauch is a mornisdeiver. Buendia is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Jeans is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hiser is a wenbumber. Hiser, Rauch, Jeans, and Buendia met at the music and art festival. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:101
Warf is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Pino is an orgemier. Just is a cluker. Maravilla is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the charity run, Just, Warf, Maravilla, and Pino met. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:102
Markarian is an orgemier. Holsey is a wenbumber. Warburton is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Snively is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the high intensity class, Holsey, Markarian, Warburton, and Snively ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:103
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Otero is a pinwer. Puleo is a mornisdeiver. Renaud is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Penna is an intensier. Puleo, Penna, Otero, and Renaud met at the open mic night. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:104
Gallardo is a wenbumber. Ahlers is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sirianni is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Huling is an onner. At the market, Sirianni, Ahlers, Gallardo, and Huling ran into each other. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:105
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Boyko is a turper. Bair is a quarancer. Perlmutter is an intensier. States is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the high intensity class, States, Bair, Perlmutter, and Boyko started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:106
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Ledesma is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dermody is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Mrozek is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Delk is a ceeper. At the private club, Delk, Mrozek, Ledesma, and Dermody met. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:107
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Hamon is a dymer. Amezquita is a cluker. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Youngman is a mornisdeiver. Vanslyke is a patalcer. At the open mic night, Youngman, Amezquita, Hamon, and Vanslyke connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:108
Brightwell is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Posada is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Goodell is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Totten is a mornisdeiver. At the stadium, Brightwell, Goodell, Totten, and Posada connected. A lot of games have many different endings. They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:109
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fetterman is a fangher. Aller is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mattera is an intensier. Hershey is a ceeper. At the volunteer work, Aller, Fetterman, Mattera, and Hershey ran into each other. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:110
Spriggs is a jogunder. Fava is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Conger is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ledesma is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the rideshare, Fava, Ledesma, Conger, and Spriggs connected. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:111
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ortegon is a jogunder. Lesage is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Batt is a jesher. Backhaus is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Batt, Backhaus, Ortegon, and Lesage met at the wedding. A large number of people attend these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:112
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Radcliffe is a gladiower. Lis is a turper. Redford is an onner. Shin is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the beer making classes, Lis, Shin, Redford, and Radcliffe ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:113
Hiser is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Turano is a patalcer. Matzke is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Coble is a motaswer. Matzke, Hiser, Coble, and Turano met at the theme park. The park is beautiful. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:114
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Matsuda is a pinwer. Colligan is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mancilla is a spacter. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mounce is an oterer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the yoga class, Colligan, Mounce, Mancilla, and Matsuda met. A yoga class helps live a happier life. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:115
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Daye is a cluker. Rojas is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Slowik is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Sanmiguel is an intensier. Slowik, Daye, Rojas, and Sanmiguel met at the networking event. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:116
Pope is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mcfall is an oterer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Saulsberry is a pinwer. Money is a cluker. At the birthday party, Saulsberry, Pope, Mcfall, and Money started a conversation. The party is going to be full. Ze told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:117
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nickerson is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wickline is a ceeper. Fader is an orgemier. Weight is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the birthday party, Weight, Nickerson, Wickline, and Fader met. The party is also filled by the band. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:118
Benoit is a wenbumber. Speller is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Wedgeworth is an onner. Sansone is a cluker. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the local reading, Sansone, Wedgeworth, Benoit, and Speller met. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! Ze reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:119
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Leyba is an onner. Sangster is a turper. Warf is a mornisdeiver. Tellier is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the networking event, Leyba, Tellier, Sangster, and Warf met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:120
Collar is an ointer. Ku is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Arey is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Rocha is an orgemier. At the food festival, Rocha, Ku, Collar, and Arey met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:121
Baumgartner is a ceeper. Rotondo is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lazzaro is an oterer. Pino is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the wine tasting, Baumgartner, Lazzaro, Rotondo, and Pino met. It is a cool place to hang out. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:122
Speight is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Oyola is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Rondeau is a motaswer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Bouldin is a quarancer. At the networking event, Speight, Bouldin, Rondeau, and Oyola met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:123
Briner is a motaswer. Lipps is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Guffey is an oterer. Heckathorn is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the stadium, Briner, Lipps, Heckathorn, and Guffey met. There are some good options for food too. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:124
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Beacham is a quarancer. Gaylor is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Carlucci is an ointer. Lujan is a cluker. Lujan, Gaylor, Beacham, and Carlucci met at the garden. The park is very peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:125
Wilcoxson is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Welter is a jogunder. Essig is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Roane is a fangher. At the private club, Roane, Welter, Wilcoxson, and Essig met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:126
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Easterwood is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Jarnagin is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Foote is a motaswer. Grossman is a dymer. At the cooking class, Jarnagin, Easterwood, Grossman, and Foote met. It's a huge place! She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:127
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Vickers is a cluker. Clem is a dymer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Seaton is a fangher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Craft is a jesher. At the beer making classes, Craft, Vickers, Seaton, and Clem connected. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:128
Lamb is a quarancer. Tedrow is a cluker. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Nale is an onner. Mantz is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the private club, Tedrow, Nale, Mantz, and Lamb connected. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:129
Montemayor is an onner. Grosvenor is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Schisler is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Tarbox is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the specialty retail store, Montemayor, Grosvenor, Tarbox, and Schisler met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. Ey told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:130
Dickerman is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Provencher is a dymer. Emmert is an oterer. Pedrick is a turper. Pedrick, Dickerman, Emmert, and Provencher met at the yoga class. Yoga is best done in silence. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:131
Sleeper is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Banuelos is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Zhong is a cluker. Burbach is a quarancer. Banuelos, Burbach, Sleeper, and Zhong met at the charity run. There is plenty of food to eat here. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:132
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Wittmann is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Osegueda is a jogunder. Brafford is a gladiower. Freshour is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Freshour, Osegueda, Brafford, and Wittmann met at the cooking class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:133
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Draughn is a spacter. Bouffard is a cluker. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Quillin is a jogunder. Folmar is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the street fair, Draughn, Bouffard, Folmar, and Quillin connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:134
Jemison is a ceeper. Harner is a motaswer. Wasser is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Moylan is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Wasser, Jemison, Moylan, and Harner met at the high intensity class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:135
Coachman is a patalcer. Clore is a ceeper. Elkins is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kuang is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the food co-op, Coachman, Elkins, Kuang, and Clore connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:136
Vanderlaan is a jesher. Millwood is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Curfman is a fangher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hardman is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the cooking class, Hardman, Curfman, Vanderlaan, and Millwood connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:137
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Germano is a cluker. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lindquist is a motaswer. Schuck is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Azam is a mornisdeiver. At the private club, Lindquist, Schuck, Azam, and Germano ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:138
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Koger is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Christensen is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Dahlberg is a mornisdeiver. Radel is a spacter. Dahlberg, Koger, Christensen, and Radel met at the theme park. There are different varieties of plants here! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:139
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Araki is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Saha is a fangher. Albee is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Gagner is a ceeper. At the networking event, Saha, Albee, Gagner, and Araki met. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:140
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Villalobos is a patalcer. Pasion is an onner. Beckford is a quarancer. Brannock is a fangher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the wine tasting, Pasion, Brannock, Villalobos, and Beckford ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:141
Contreras is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Marten is a turper. Puglisi is a wenbumber. Spitler is a cluker. At the market, Spitler, Contreras, Marten, and Puglisi started a conversation. The market is a big source of income for many people. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:142
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Merchant is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Covington is a dymer. Cribb is a jogunder. Toles is a jesher. At the theater festival, Cribb, Merchant, Covington, and Toles met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:143
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sisk is a quarancer. Jurado is a motaswer. Stair is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mebane is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the volunteer work, Mebane, Jurado, Sisk, and Stair ran into each other. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:144
Blum is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Reeser is a quarancer. Lockett is a fangher. Inniss is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the market, Lockett, Reeser, Blum, and Inniss ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. Ey reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:145
Schacht is a dymer. Lauzon is a pinwer. Whetstone is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Natal is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the archery class, Lauzon, Natal, Whetstone, and Schacht ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:146
Garceau is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Manis is a dymer. Branam is a jogunder. Vaught is a cluker. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the commuter bus, Vaught, Branam, Manis, and Garceau ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. They told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:147
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Fuhrman is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hegedus is a quarancer. Samples is a jogunder. Galicia is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the food festival, Galicia, Samples, Hegedus, and Fuhrman started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:148
Atherton is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Honda is a cluker. Pomerantz is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mayor is an ointer. At the private club, Pomerantz, Atherton, Mayor, and Honda connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:149
Gent is a mornisdeiver. Cicero is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Harkleroad is a fangher. Coreas is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the theater festival, Harkleroad, Cicero, Gent, and Coreas ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:150
Herdman is a cluker. Alkire is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Goldblatt is a jesher. Stiller is a turper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the library, Alkire, Stiller, Goldblatt, and Herdman met. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:151
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Posadas is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Corbo is a cluker. Giusti is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Depalma is a motaswer. At the archery class, Giusti, Depalma, Corbo, and Posadas started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:152
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Sanmiguel is a jesher. Niblett is an ointer. Gehringer is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Amato is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the birthday party, Amato, Sanmiguel, Gehringer, and Niblett ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:153
Shetler is a fangher. Sommerville is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hunsberger is a turper. Burlison is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the commuter bus, Shetler, Burlison, Hunsberger, and Sommerville met. The public transports are public. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:154
Sturdivant is a spacter. Karnes is a cluker. Recinos is an ointer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Vieira is a fangher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the commuter bus, Sturdivant, Karnes, Vieira, and Recinos met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:155
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Mata is an onner. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Graybeal is a motaswer. Switzer is a spacter. Wunder is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the private club, Switzer, Graybeal, Mata, and Wunder ran into each other. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:156
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Sepe is an oterer. Leiter is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Schaper is a motaswer. Bone is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Sepe, Leiter, Schaper, and Bone met at the music and art festival. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:157
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Hayman is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Montalvo is a gladiower. Scaife is a motaswer. Ridenhour is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the open mic night, Hayman, Scaife, Montalvo, and Ridenhour connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:158
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cantley is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. France is a fangher. Bhandari is an ointer. Sarmiento is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Bhandari, Cantley, France, and Sarmiento met at the volunteer work. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:159
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Deschamps is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Caplinger is a cluker. Wiebe is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Crisman is a motaswer. At the private club, Deschamps, Crisman, Wiebe, and Caplinger started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:160
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mickle is a spacter. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Nees is a dymer. Laflamme is an intensier. Ogorman is an ointer. At the wine tasting, Laflamme, Mickle, Ogorman, and Nees ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:161
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Gills is an orgemier. Esquibel is a spacter. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Forster is a gladiower. Shaffer is a cluker. At the rideshare, Gills, Esquibel, Forster, and Shaffer met. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:162
Lasky is an onner. Wickline is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Kellerman is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kelch is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the comic book expo, Kelch, Lasky, Wickline, and Kellerman started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:163
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Edlund is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Busse is a cluker. Farina is a jogunder. Pallares is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the museum, Farina, Edlund, Busse, and Pallares started a conversation. The museum has many ancient things. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:164
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mondragon is a fangher. Bergstrom is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Padula is an oterer. Benites is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the specialty retail store, Benites, Padula, Bergstrom, and Mondragon connected. The market is open to all genders and ages. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:165
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Barger is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Boley is a wenbumber. Levinson is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hahn is a turper. Levinson, Boley, Barger, and Hahn met at the wedding. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:166
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Hopson is an ointer. Haviland is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Propst is a pinwer. Lummus is an oterer. Hopson, Lummus, Haviland, and Propst met at the theater festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:167
Capo is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tavarez is a pinwer. Huard is a turper. Kaminski is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the wine tasting, Huard, Kaminski, Capo, and Tavarez met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:168
Mather is a fangher. Sydnor is a turper. Yawn is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pon is a quarancer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the yoga class, Yawn, Sydnor, Pon, and Mather connected. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:169
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Engle is an intensier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Ownby is an ointer. Pavone is a cluker. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Yarnell is a jesher. At the poolside event, Yarnell, Pavone, Ownby, and Engle connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:170
Tonkin is an ointer. Gallucci is an oterer. Sandford is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Losoya is a cluker. At the theme park, Sandford, Tonkin, Losoya, and Gallucci met. The dogs that play here are super cute. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:171
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Scheller is an onner. Poplin is an oterer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Strother is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hallenbeck is a wenbumber. Strother, Poplin, Scheller, and Hallenbeck met at the food co-op. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:172
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Frew is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Leber is an ointer. Spurlin is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Goehring is a ceeper. At the networking event, Spurlin, Leber, Goehring, and Frew connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:173
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Sides is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Sarabia is an onner. Means is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Degner is a ceeper. At the networking event, Degner, Sarabia, Means, and Sides ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:174
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Spalding is a gladiower. Lever is a mornisdeiver. Gasaway is a motaswer. Simmonds is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Spalding, Gasaway, Lever, and Simmonds met at the comic book expo. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:175
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Haber is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Yuen is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Kinsman is an ointer. Cue is a fangher. At the wine tasting, Haber, Yuen, Kinsman, and Cue started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:176
Raglin is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Weiler is a jogunder. Killebrew is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Williamson is a gladiower. At the local reading, Williamson, Killebrew, Weiler, and Raglin ran into each other. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:177
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mathai is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hemming is a gladiower. Nakata is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Severt is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the networking event, Severt, Hemming, Nakata, and Mathai met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:178
Hoye is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Hilley is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kreps is an intensier. Kimura is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the archery class, Hilley, Kreps, Hoye, and Kimura connected. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:179
Eyre is a quarancer. Medrano is a ceeper. Granata is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Huth is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the local reading, Granata, Medrano, Huth, and Eyre met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:180
Goldfarb is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ceniceros is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Higginson is a gladiower. Aiello is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the theater festival, Aiello, Higginson, Goldfarb, and Ceniceros connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:181
Poulton is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Calhoon is an oterer. Cranfill is a gladiower. Delafuente is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Poulton, Delafuente, Cranfill, and Calhoon ran into each other. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:182
Dahlman is an ointer. Cheeks is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dickey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Hecker is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the comic book expo, Hecker, Dahlman, Dickey, and Cheeks connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:183
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Moscoso is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcnair is an intensier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Spinks is a quarancer. Galarza is a ceeper. At the commuter bus, Mcnair, Galarza, Spinks, and Moscoso met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:184
Gonsalves is an intensier. Sullens is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Dandy is an orgemier. Trainer is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the beer making classes, Gonsalves, Dandy, Trainer, and Sullens ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:185
Spinelli is a ceeper. Palmatier is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Tomlin is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hauser is a patalcer. At the beer making classes, Spinelli, Tomlin, Hauser, and Palmatier ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. Ze reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:186
Knights is an orgemier. Mastroianni is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Longmire is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Langlois is a quarancer. At the specialty retail store, Mastroianni, Knights, Longmire, and Langlois connected. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:187
Heinen is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Debusk is an orgemier. Curbelo is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Zaman is a jogunder. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the beer making classes, Curbelo, Debusk, Heinen, and Zaman started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:188
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Warnick is an intensier. Beason is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bouffard is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Molinaro is an orgemier. At the private club, Bouffard, Warnick, Molinaro, and Beason ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:189
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bedgood is a mornisdeiver. Goehring is a ceeper. Gann is a spacter. Surface is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the local talk, Goehring, Bedgood, Surface, and Gann ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:190
Haupt is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gately is a turper. Clanton is a jesher. Odwyer is a dymer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Haupt, Gately, Clanton, and Odwyer met at the commuter bus. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:191
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gessner is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Omeara is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Frey is a motaswer. Patenaude is a jogunder. At the local talk, Patenaude, Gessner, Frey, and Omeara connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:192
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Heffelfinger is an orgemier. Filson is a dymer. Hargreaves is a fangher. Schwanke is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the cooking class, Filson, Hargreaves, Schwanke, and Heffelfinger met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:193
Rockhold is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Avalos is a jogunder. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dinges is a patalcer. Bouknight is a dymer. At the yoga class, Avalos, Rockhold, Bouknight, and Dinges started a conversation. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:194
Stelter is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Beaudin is a wenbumber. Hibbard is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Pitcher is a jogunder. At the wine tasting, Beaudin, Hibbard, Pitcher, and Stelter met. The place was crowded. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:195
Hoskinson is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Dent is a pinwer. Collar is an intensier. Segers is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the rideshare, Collar, Dent, Hoskinson, and Segers met. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:196
Allain is a pinwer. Clasen is an ointer. Mclemore is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Warburton is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the food festival, Warburton, Mclemore, Allain, and Clasen connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:197
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Palencia is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Pandey is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Abila is a ceeper. Bigler is a motaswer. At the open mic night, Palencia, Abila, Pandey, and Bigler ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:198
Belz is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Harrill is an oterer. Stiff is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Clawson is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the food co-op, Stiff, Clawson, Harrill, and Belz met. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:199
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kneeland is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Sutherlin is a mornisdeiver. Maffei is a fangher. Burdine is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Kneeland, Burdine, Maffei, and Sutherlin met at the high intensity class. The class has interesting sessions. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:200
Custer is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Deer is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Veltri is a jesher. Hartzog is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the market, Hartzog, Custer, Deer, and Veltri started a conversation. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. Ze reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:201
Stepanek is a pinwer. Poulter is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Schuetz is an orgemier. Maffei is an intensier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the library, Stepanek, Schuetz, Poulter, and Maffei connected. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:202
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Cutrer is a motaswer. Brew is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Coyne is an ointer. Newby is a turper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the wine tasting, Brew, Newby, Cutrer, and Coyne ran into each other. The place was crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:203
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Baros is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kays is a pinwer. Humphries is an ointer. Guinn is an oterer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the rideshare, Guinn, Baros, Kays, and Humphries ran into each other. Public transports are easy to find. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:204
Gunnels is a dymer. Remick is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mans is an intensier. Hollowell is an orgemier. At the theater festival, Remick, Gunnels, Hollowell, and Mans met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:205
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Stlaurent is a jogunder. Losoya is an intensier. Stettler is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Jaros is a ceeper. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the volunteer work, Stlaurent, Jaros, Stettler, and Losoya connected. Volunteering also takes energy to work together to improve the health, environment, and economic well - being of our country. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:206
Tischler is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sisk is an intensier. Dupre is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Geddes is a fangher. Tischler, Sisk, Dupre, and Geddes met at the charity run. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:207
Fryer is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Darr is a gladiower. Fifer is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mizell is a cluker. At the specialty retail store, Fryer, Fifer, Mizell, and Darr ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. They reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:208
Griffis is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Merriam is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Slavin is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Spada is a mornisdeiver. At the specialty retail store, Slavin, Griffis, Merriam, and Spada met. The market is divided into sub-markets. They reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:209
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Webber is a pinwer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Urrutia is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Willett is a ceeper. Wigfall is a jogunder. At the yoga class, Webber, Urrutia, Willett, and Wigfall started a conversation. A yoga class helps live a happier life. They told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:210
Rioux is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hoffer is a spacter. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Banerjee is a fangher. Montoya is an ointer. At the market, Rioux, Banerjee, Montoya, and Hoffer started a conversation. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:211
Barba is an ointer. Mcdade is a gladiower. Hixon is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Taddeo is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mcdade, Hixon, Taddeo, and Barba met at the wine tasting. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:212
Capellan is a cluker. Clem is an oterer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Bouknight is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gainey is a fangher. At the theater festival, Gainey, Capellan, Clem, and Bouknight met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:213
Gowin is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Newcomb is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Pearman is a cluker. Glancy is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the birthday party, Gowin, Glancy, Newcomb, and Pearman started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:214
Theis is an orgemier. Fenster is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Peltz is a jogunder. Sarkissian is a pinwer. At the museum, Fenster, Theis, Peltz, and Sarkissian started a conversation. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:215
Alsop is a spacter. Sosa is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Doolittle is an orgemier. Mccreight is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the specialty retail store, Alsop, Sosa, Doolittle, and Mccreight met. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. They reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:216
Samples is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kirkpatrick is a dymer. Broadwell is a fangher. Vaca is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the boardwalk arcade, Broadwell, Kirkpatrick, Samples, and Vaca connected. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. Ze reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:217
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Stoneman is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Tamura is a pinwer. Wasser is a turper. Sauter is a ceeper. At the comic book expo, Tamura, Wasser, Sauter, and Stoneman met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:218
Gan is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Keesler is a quarancer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Chuang is a patalcer. Goode is a cluker. At the school sports event, Gan, Goode, Keesler, and Chuang started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:219
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Losh is an orgemier. Pile is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Tubbs is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Stitt is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the food festival, Tubbs, Stitt, Losh, and Pile connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:220
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Singley is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kassab is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lahey is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Broome is a spacter. At the theater festival, Kassab, Singley, Lahey, and Broome met. The event is free and open to all people. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:221
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Varley is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Dugger is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Timmer is a pinwer. Reasor is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the wine tasting, Dugger, Reasor, Timmer, and Varley ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:222
Penick is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Holdren is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Samford is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Veltri is a ceeper. Holdren, Samford, Veltri, and Penick met at the archery class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:223
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Wipf is a wenbumber. Valenta is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Naugle is a mornisdeiver. Hetherington is an ointer. At the high intensity class, Wipf, Hetherington, Naugle, and Valenta started a conversation. The class is fun! They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:224
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Beacham is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Wilmore is a motaswer. Madrid is an orgemier. Creedon is a spacter. At the private club, Wilmore, Creedon, Madrid, and Beacham ran into each other. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:225
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Yohe is a cluker. Matney is a mornisdeiver. Bettis is a dymer. Barthel is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the wedding, Matney, Yohe, Barthel, and Bettis started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:226
Vandergrift is a spacter. Gillies is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Henschel is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mancini is a jesher. At the street fair, Vandergrift, Mancini, Henschel, and Gillies met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:227
Gerst is a pinwer. Corlett is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bassham is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Walling is a gladiower. Corlett, Walling, Gerst, and Bassham met at the local talk. It is open to the public. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:228
Yarnell is a gladiower. Butterworth is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Vora is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Schimmel is a motaswer. Vora, Schimmel, Yarnell, and Butterworth met at the stadium. The games are a lot of fun. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:229
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Baisley is an onner. Roden is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Collazo is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mangual is a quarancer. At the theme park, Baisley, Mangual, Roden, and Collazo connected. The park is very peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:230
Leiter is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Stringer is a motaswer. Colligan is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Deem is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the local reading, Leiter, Colligan, Deem, and Stringer met. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:231
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Karp is a fangher. Dandy is an orgemier. Ginsberg is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Giguere is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the charity run, Karp, Ginsberg, Dandy, and Giguere started a conversation. There is a lot of space to play games here. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:232
Lopezhernandez is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Almeda is a jesher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lundquist is an oterer. Mijares is a ceeper. At the beer making classes, Lundquist, Almeda, Mijares, and Lopezhernandez ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:233
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Consiglio is a quarancer. Heintz is a dymer. Schlecht is a pinwer. Debolt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the theme park, Heintz, Debolt, Consiglio, and Schlecht met. The picnic line is very short in this park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:234
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Rusher is a dymer. Eades is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Ader is a jogunder. Cressman is a spacter. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the garden, Rusher, Eades, Cressman, and Ader ran into each other. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:235
Patt is a fangher. Debusk is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Roblero is an intensier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bolivar is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the wine tasting, Bolivar, Debusk, Patt, and Roblero met. The coffee cake is quite good. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:236
Peltz is a jogunder. Hysell is a ceeper. Danielson is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Steveson is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Danielson, Peltz, Hysell, and Steveson met at the charity run. There is a lot of space to play games here. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:237
Corns is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wanner is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Voorhies is a fangher. Helland is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the birthday party, Voorhies, Helland, Corns, and Wanner ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:238
Spoor is a motaswer. Branstetter is an oterer. Borne is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Munroe is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the wedding, Branstetter, Spoor, Borne, and Munroe ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:239
Cotter is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kamp is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Krug is a motaswer. Green is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the local reading, Krug, Kamp, Green, and Cotter met. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:240
Renfro is a dymer. Saddler is a motaswer. Simmonds is a patalcer. Lentz is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the cooking class, Renfro, Simmonds, Lentz, and Saddler connected. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:241
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Digirolamo is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Streets is a ceeper. Dansby is an oterer. Wilds is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the rideshare, Digirolamo, Streets, Wilds, and Dansby connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:242
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Delaluz is an onner. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Shukla is a cluker. Landrum is an ointer. Schmuck is a fangher. Landrum, Shukla, Schmuck, and Delaluz met at the local reading. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:243
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Comer is a mornisdeiver. Briles is a wenbumber. Rayo is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Denson is a quarancer. At the volunteer work, Briles, Rayo, Denson, and Comer started a conversation. To participate, the participants must have a working record. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:244
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Morlan is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hamman is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Freeland is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mizrahi is a quarancer. Freeland, Mizrahi, Hamman, and Morlan met at the charity run. The weather is nice for games today. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:245
Zamudio is a pinwer. Michaud is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Seidler is a gladiower. Cubas is a jogunder. At the car show, Cubas, Michaud, Seidler, and Zamudio started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:246
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Chasse is a turper. Nantz is a cluker. Gelman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Sensabaugh is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the commuter bus, Chasse, Gelman, Nantz, and Sensabaugh started a conversation. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:247
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Cogdell is a fangher. Cluff is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hirschman is an oterer. Buse is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the rideshare, Buse, Cluff, Hirschman, and Cogdell ran into each other. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:248
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bova is a turper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Wallen is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ro is a pinwer. Villalobos is an orgemier. At the garden, Wallen, Bova, Ro, and Villalobos ran into each other. The park has a lot of gardens. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:249
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Ashburn is an intensier. Despain is a wenbumber. Dey is an oterer. Eddings is a pinwer. At the archery class, Ashburn, Eddings, Despain, and Dey connected. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ey reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:250
Einhorn is a quarancer. Hinkley is an orgemier. Counts is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hennig is a jesher. At the poolside event, Hinkley, Counts, Hennig, and Einhorn met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:251
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Bair is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Aylor is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Puryear is an intensier. Creedon is a spacter. At the museum, Puryear, Aylor, Creedon, and Bair ran into each other. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:252
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Shover is an intensier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Raynes is a dymer. Remer is an onner. Wittmer is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the charity run, Raynes, Shover, Wittmer, and Remer started a conversation. The games are a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:253
Pando is a spacter. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pease is an onner. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Tilford is a turper. Ulloa is an oterer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the local reading, Pando, Ulloa, Pease, and Tilford connected. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. Ze reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:254
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Whitmore is a wenbumber. Safford is a fangher. Cadiz is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Comeaux is an intensier. At the theater festival, Whitmore, Safford, Cadiz, and Comeaux ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:255
Bugarin is a jogunder. Petit is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Warnick is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Culberson is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the garden, Bugarin, Petit, Culberson, and Warnick ran into each other. The water is very good and clean. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:256
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Menke is an oterer. Renick is a jogunder. Phelps is a fangher. Padden is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the market, Padden, Menke, Renick, and Phelps connected. The market is open to all genders and ages. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:257
Zou is an oterer. Porche is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Helbig is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sacks is an onner. At the high intensity class, Zou, Helbig, Porche, and Sacks connected. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:258
Vicencio is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Whitlatch is a turper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Sluder is an onner. Larrison is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the stadium, Sluder, Larrison, Whitlatch, and Vicencio connected. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:259
Grow is an oterer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Ballinger is an onner. Concha is a spacter. Linke is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the school sports event, Concha, Linke, Grow, and Ballinger connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:260
Townsley is a jesher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Deshazo is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Peden is a patalcer. Meigs is an ointer. At the cooking class, Peden, Meigs, Townsley, and Deshazo connected. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:261
Warnock is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Heitmann is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Tedeschi is a jesher. Mccreary is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the subway, Tedeschi, Heitmann, Mccreary, and Warnock connected. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:262
Crompton is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ong is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Koski is a gladiower. Goldschmidt is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the food festival, Crompton, Ong, Goldschmidt, and Koski started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:263
Pelkey is a ceeper. Sharpe is a quarancer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sussman is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hagerman is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the yoga class, Pelkey, Sussman, Sharpe, and Hagerman ran into each other. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:264
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Dziedzic is a pinwer. Schimmel is a fangher. Yoon is a turper. Ogan is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the high intensity class, Schimmel, Dziedzic, Ogan, and Yoon connected. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:265
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bueno is a ceeper. Sieg is a jesher. Oglesby is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Smelser is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the networking event, Smelser, Oglesby, Sieg, and Bueno met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:266
Bostic is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Vuong is a motaswer. Spikes is a turper. Drennen is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the specialty retail store, Vuong, Bostic, Drennen, and Spikes started a conversation. The market is a big source of income for many people. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:267
Ayres is a turper. Niemeyer is a gladiower. Cansler is a quarancer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Banfield is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the open mic night, Niemeyer, Banfield, Ayres, and Cansler met. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:268
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ouyang is a quarancer. Jowers is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lape is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Boughton is a patalcer. Lape, Ouyang, Boughton, and Jowers met at the market. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:269
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Heilman is a quarancer. Costantino is an intensier. Porto is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Eck is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the museum, Heilman, Eck, Porto, and Costantino met. The museum has no such thing as free entry. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:270
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pedigo is a ceeper. Vigil is a turper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Donoghue is a motaswer. Veal is a mornisdeiver. At the school sports event, Vigil, Pedigo, Donoghue, and Veal ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:271
Raglin is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hammes is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Ridenour is a ceeper. Romer is a turper. At the volunteer work, Raglin, Romer, Ridenour, and Hammes started a conversation. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:272
Layfield is a jesher. Brightman is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Darosa is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Trahan is a wenbumber. Trahan, Layfield, Darosa, and Brightman met at the rideshare. People have different schedules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:273
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Jeffs is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Durst is a cluker. Harte is a fangher. Chupp is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Chupp, Jeffs, Durst, and Harte met at the theme park. The park site for more information about the location. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:274
Bjerke is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ngai is a gladiower. Guerra is a wenbumber. Burdine is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the networking event, Guerra, Burdine, Bjerke, and Ngai ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:275
Dulaney is a pinwer. Linscott is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Tryon is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Geib is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the specialty retail store, Geib, Dulaney, Tryon, and Linscott connected. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:276
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Krout is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Pulliam is a mornisdeiver. Velazco is a ceeper. Ortegon is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the volunteer work, Krout, Pulliam, Velazco, and Ortegon ran into each other. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:277
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Clapp is an oterer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Conteh is a gladiower. Rosemond is a fangher. Ensor is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the library, Ensor, Conteh, Rosemond, and Clapp met. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:278
Horton is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Devera is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Revis is a pinwer. Moreau is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the carpool, Moreau, Revis, Horton, and Devera started a conversation. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:279
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Debellis is a wenbumber. Fortney is a ceeper. Hepner is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Cerritos is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the poolside event, Cerritos, Debellis, Hepner, and Fortney met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:280
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Sawyers is an intensier. Aurand is a motaswer. Rolfe is an onner. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Gustafson is a cluker. At the charity run, Sawyers, Gustafson, Aurand, and Rolfe started a conversation. The game can be interesting. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:281
Orduna is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Sorenson is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Drewry is a fangher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Cluff is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the carpool, Sorenson, Cluff, Drewry, and Orduna connected. Public transports are affordable. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:282
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Sikes is a mornisdeiver. Hasler is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ortego is a jesher. Caicedo is a turper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the subway, Ortego, Caicedo, Sikes, and Hasler connected. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:283
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Guerra is a spacter. Hambrick is a dymer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Villines is an ointer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Larue is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the beer making classes, Hambrick, Villines, Larue, and Guerra started a conversation. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:284
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Kinder is a turper. Doud is a fangher. Mcgehee is a dymer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Trusty is a jesher. At the wedding, Kinder, Trusty, Mcgehee, and Doud started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:285
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Alderete is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Quattlebaum is an intensier. Baillargeon is a fangher. Storms is a jogunder. At the volunteer work, Baillargeon, Quattlebaum, Alderete, and Storms met. To participate, the participants must have a working record. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:286
Fleisher is a spacter. Pinard is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Deckert is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Greenwalt is a dymer. Deckert, Greenwalt, Fleisher, and Pinard met at the rideshare. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. Ey reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:287
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mcnamara is a ceeper. Pedigo is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Kopacz is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Madore is an onner. At the poolside event, Madore, Kopacz, Pedigo, and Mcnamara met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:288
Heckathorn is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Shiflet is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Carone is a pinwer. Reams is an onner. At the comic book expo, Shiflet, Carone, Reams, and Heckathorn met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:289
Wickersham is an oterer. Waldner is a turper. Boyko is a dymer. Pressman is a cluker. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the specialty retail store, Wickersham, Pressman, Boyko, and Waldner started a conversation. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:290
Tweedy is an orgemier. Creamer is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Tiller is an ointer. Nosal is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the subway, Tweedy, Nosal, Tiller, and Creamer started a conversation. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:291
Havard is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Weathersby is a quarancer. Vigil is an intensier. Devos is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the music and art festival, Weathersby, Vigil, Havard, and Devos ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:292
Leppert is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bjerke is an orgemier. Ebron is a motaswer. Goldsberry is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Goldsberry, Ebron, Bjerke, and Leppert met at the high intensity class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:293
Manfredi is a fangher. Teneyck is a patalcer. Popham is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gibb is a ceeper. At the rideshare, Manfredi, Popham, Gibb, and Teneyck connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:294
Pozo is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcdaniel is a turper. Egner is a patalcer. Chmura is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the yoga studio, Egner, Mcdaniel, Pozo, and Chmura ran into each other. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:295
Traywick is an orgemier. Heinen is an intensier. Remley is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Barrick is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Traywick, Heinen, Barrick, and Remley met at the open mic night. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:296
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Decamp is a gladiower. Barroso is a jesher. Compean is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Conforti is a motaswer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the poolside event, Decamp, Conforti, Barroso, and Compean connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:297
Aggarwal is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Filson is an intensier. Goldschmidt is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Sundberg is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the commuter bus, Aggarwal, Filson, Goldschmidt, and Sundberg connected. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:298
Gonser is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Blaser is an intensier. Grosso is a ceeper. Woodcock is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the theme park, Grosso, Gonser, Woodcock, and Blaser met. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:299
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Cordova is a jesher. Trull is a mornisdeiver. Gasaway is an ointer. Schall is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Schall, Trull, Cordova, and Gasaway met at the school sports event. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:300
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Simard is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Westerfield is a ceeper. Varnum is an ointer. Antonelli is a patalcer. At the local talk, Simard, Westerfield, Antonelli, and Varnum connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:301
Edmonson is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Marrone is a patalcer. Straus is a ceeper. Rabe is a jesher. Rabe, Marrone, Straus, and Edmonson met at the museum. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:302
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Arteaga is a jogunder. Bosquez is an onner. Mole is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Peele is a fangher. At the local talk, Mole, Bosquez, Arteaga, and Peele started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:303
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Espinal is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Schmuck is an intensier. Tardif is a jogunder. Carini is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the food co-op, Carini, Tardif, Espinal, and Schmuck met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:304
Engle is a cluker. Walk is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Matta is a pinwer. Pierrelouis is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the museum, Walk, Matta, Engle, and Pierrelouis ran into each other. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:305
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Blinn is a fangher. Roblero is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wardwell is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Schuler is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Schuler, Roblero, Wardwell, and Blinn met at the yoga class. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:306
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Olmos is a mornisdeiver. Becerril is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Trejo is a dymer. Wasser is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the high intensity class, Becerril, Trejo, Olmos, and Wasser ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:307
Roeder is a fangher. Farias is a patalcer. Weiler is an oterer. Horsey is a turper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the archery class, Weiler, Farias, Roeder, and Horsey started a conversation. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:308
Sautter is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Michaelis is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Prinz is a ceeper. Sandman is a jesher. At the yoga class, Sandman, Prinz, Michaelis, and Sautter ran into each other. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:309
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Springs is an ointer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Rasor is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Beckford is a wenbumber. Chesnut is a spacter. At the theater festival, Rasor, Beckford, Chesnut, and Springs met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:310
Morlan is an oterer. Woodyard is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Settles is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Sullins is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the local reading, Sullins, Woodyard, Morlan, and Settles ran into each other. Book clubs help expand social circles. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:311
Dubey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Harjo is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Pursley is an ointer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Cordova is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the museum, Dubey, Harjo, Pursley, and Cordova ran into each other. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:312
Mattera is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ezzell is a cluker. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Whetstone is a spacter. Mouton is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Whetstone, Mouton, Ezzell, and Mattera met at the archery class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:313
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Arey is a patalcer. Beshears is a spacter. Wimer is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Largo is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the rideshare, Largo, Beshears, Arey, and Wimer started a conversation. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:314
Grieco is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Yazzie is an intensier. Theriault is a patalcer. Beegle is a gladiower. At the beer making classes, Beegle, Grieco, Yazzie, and Theriault ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. They told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:315
Tefft is an onner. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Trang is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Grewe is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mckey is a wenbumber. Mckey, Grewe, Tefft, and Trang met at the museum. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:316
Uhler is a mornisdeiver. Tebo is a wenbumber. Sisk is a turper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mercurio is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the comic book expo, Tebo, Uhler, Sisk, and Mercurio connected. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:317
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Beem is a cluker. Lupton is a fangher. Laclair is a dymer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Shedd is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Lupton, Shedd, Beem, and Laclair met at the car show. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:318
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Fertig is a motaswer. Mares is a quarancer. Seltzer is a jogunder. Zurawski is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Seltzer, Fertig, Zurawski, and Mares met at the high intensity class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:319
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Kinslow is a dymer. Leverette is a patalcer. Barner is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Ketcham is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the private club, Kinslow, Ketcham, Barner, and Leverette ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:320
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Losh is a ceeper. Gott is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Carle is an onner. Bouknight is a wenbumber. At the stadium, Gott, Carle, Losh, and Bouknight connected. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:321
Ellett is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pino is an oterer. Bunger is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Strayhorn is a fangher. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the museum, Ellett, Strayhorn, Bunger, and Pino met. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:322
Spear is an intensier. Ballantyne is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Sprayberry is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Calvo is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the high intensity class, Calvo, Spear, Sprayberry, and Ballantyne ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. They told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:323
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Coyne is an ointer. Slover is a wenbumber. Forcier is an orgemier. Treadwell is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the rideshare, Treadwell, Forcier, Slover, and Coyne met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. Ze reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:324
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Sankar is a spacter. Grothe is an orgemier. Mccarroll is a quarancer. Ivanov is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the birthday party, Sankar, Mccarroll, Grothe, and Ivanov connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:325
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bragg is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Quijano is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Boyett is an oterer. Sande is a mornisdeiver. At the comic book expo, Boyett, Bragg, Quijano, and Sande started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:326
Grimshaw is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Krebs is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mooring is a spacter. Horrell is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the street fair, Krebs, Grimshaw, Mooring, and Horrell connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:327
Pinkney is a turper. Stamp is a jesher. Spiva is a cluker. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Thorpe is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the archery class, Spiva, Thorpe, Stamp, and Pinkney ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:328
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Weibel is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Holloman is a mornisdeiver. Prevost is a jesher. Lyttle is a patalcer. At the archery class, Prevost, Weibel, Holloman, and Lyttle ran into each other. This class has amazing outcomes. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:329
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Panek is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Guereca is an onner. Folger is a turper. Strickler is a dymer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the subway, Strickler, Folger, Guereca, and Panek started a conversation. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:330
Barrentine is an orgemier. Joines is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Billiot is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Tindal is a gladiower. At the specialty retail store, Joines, Barrentine, Billiot, and Tindal connected. Markets are usually crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:331
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Villagrana is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Craver is a wenbumber. Ong is a dymer. Brake is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the garden, Brake, Villagrana, Ong, and Craver started a conversation. The water is very good and clean. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:332
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Kalinowski is an ointer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Everman is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Derouen is a motaswer. Vawter is a jesher. At the charity run, Everman, Vawter, Derouen, and Kalinowski connected. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:333
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kassab is a jesher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Haymon is a cluker. Riffe is a spacter. Hankins is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hankins, Haymon, Kassab, and Riffe met at the wine tasting. One of the few spots for everyone. They reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:334
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Rabago is an orgemier. Chiles is a pinwer. Mintz is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Besaw is a dymer. Rabago, Besaw, Chiles, and Mintz met at the rideshare. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:335
Risk is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mynatt is an oterer. Straus is a gladiower. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Myhre is an onner. At the birthday party, Mynatt, Myhre, Straus, and Risk started a conversation. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:336
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Batt is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Stroup is an ointer. Zambrano is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mccormack is a motaswer. Zambrano, Stroup, Batt, and Mccormack met at the garden. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:337
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sergeant is an intensier. Ezzell is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Krohn is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brazeal is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Brazeal, Krohn, Sergeant, and Ezzell met at the library. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:338
Wingate is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gran is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Cofer is an intensier. Kearse is an oterer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the library, Wingate, Gran, Kearse, and Cofer started a conversation. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. Ze told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:339
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Land is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Straughn is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Than is a patalcer. Currence is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the archery class, Than, Straughn, Land, and Currence met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:340
Carreon is a fangher. Alderete is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Bond is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Haralson is an onner. At the volunteer work, Carreon, Alderete, Haralson, and Bond connected. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:341
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Goldfarb is a gladiower. Vanderwall is an ointer. Honda is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kimmons is an oterer. Kimmons, Goldfarb, Vanderwall, and Honda met at the wedding. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:342
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Schwab is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Lund is a cluker. Pandey is a pinwer. Cueva is an ointer. At the subway, Schwab, Pandey, Cueva, and Lund started a conversation. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:343
Hettinger is a dymer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Dietrick is a fangher. Noone is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Bustos is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the archery class, Noone, Bustos, Dietrick, and Hettinger met. The class has interesting sessions. Ze reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:344
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Claros is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Casas is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Worcester is a jesher. Borunda is an onner. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the high intensity class, Casas, Borunda, Claros, and Worcester ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:345
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dowler is a quarancer. Dutra is a wenbumber. Buckingham is a mornisdeiver. Meraz is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the food festival, Meraz, Dutra, Dowler, and Buckingham started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:346
Mandeville is a jogunder. Orwig is a cluker. Mortimer is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Wisniewski is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the comic book expo, Wisniewski, Orwig, Mandeville, and Mortimer ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:347
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Castille is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ikeda is a pinwer. Sallee is an orgemier. Locher is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the boardwalk arcade, Sallee, Castille, Locher, and Ikeda met. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:348
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Duhon is a motaswer. Drost is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hornbeck is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Villamil is a turper. Hornbeck, Drost, Villamil, and Duhon met at the theater festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:349
Polzin is a dymer. Burruss is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Crompton is an ointer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Kimbrell is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the archery class, Burruss, Crompton, Kimbrell, and Polzin ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:350
Krawczyk is a jesher. Gluck is an orgemier. Jaggers is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hames is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gluck, Hames, Jaggers, and Krawczyk met at the garden. The park has many plants and flowers. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:351
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Sommerville is a gladiower. Wehrle is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Hopson is an onner. Verner is a quarancer. At the museum, Wehrle, Verner, Hopson, and Sommerville connected. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:352
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hollingshead is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Barnwell is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Jarrard is a jesher. Lopezperez is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the poolside event, Hollingshead, Lopezperez, Barnwell, and Jarrard connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:353
Rumley is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Jester is a fangher. Heintzelman is a gladiower. Weight is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Weight, Heintzelman, Jester, and Rumley met at the local reading. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:354
Zendejas is a fangher. Cadle is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Peltz is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gagnon is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gagnon, Peltz, Cadle, and Zendejas met at the yoga class. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:355
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brzezinski is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Herdman is a ceeper. Goll is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pare is a mornisdeiver. At the commuter bus, Herdman, Brzezinski, Goll, and Pare ran into each other. People have different schedules. Ze reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:356
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Holle is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gramling is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Holsey is a quarancer. Adamczyk is a cluker. At the street fair, Holle, Adamczyk, Gramling, and Holsey ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:357
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Farrington is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Fishburn is a jogunder. Backhaus is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sosa is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Fishburn, Backhaus, Sosa, and Farrington met at the comic book expo. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:358
Pacheco is a spacter. Tapper is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Duck is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Schulte is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Duck, Tapper, Pacheco, and Schulte met at the street fair. This event is to help make the community a better place. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:359
Calles is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Chacon is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Woodworth is a pinwer. Jost is an orgemier. At the carpool, Chacon, Woodworth, Jost, and Calles started a conversation. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:360
Hagerman is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Carty is an onner. Sunderland is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Keebler is a patalcer. At the archery class, Hagerman, Sunderland, Carty, and Keebler met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:361
Mccreary is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Watanabe is an intensier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Harness is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kirkham is a gladiower. Kirkham, Harness, Mccreary, and Watanabe met at the comic book expo. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:362
Bieker is an orgemier. Ripp is a gladiower. Desantiago is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Chronister is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the music and art festival, Desantiago, Chronister, Ripp, and Bieker started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:363
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Argo is a jogunder. Bobadilla is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Latorre is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Olivares is a cluker. At the yoga class, Latorre, Olivares, Argo, and Bobadilla connected. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:364
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Situ is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lass is a wenbumber. Clapp is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Summa is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the museum, Lass, Situ, Summa, and Clapp connected. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:365
Crumpton is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Locker is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lefebvre is a turper. Birdsall is a ceeper. At the local talk, Crumpton, Locker, Birdsall, and Lefebvre ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:366
Hodgin is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Chatterjee is an ointer. Schumacher is a cluker. Penner is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the poolside event, Chatterjee, Hodgin, Penner, and Schumacher connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:367
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Granados is a patalcer. Summerville is an intensier. Guevarra is a spacter. Schueler is a mornisdeiver. At the garden, Schueler, Guevarra, Granados, and Summerville connected. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. Ze told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:368
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Bunnell is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Corliss is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Byrum is a wenbumber. Carbajal is a motaswer. Byrum, Bunnell, Carbajal, and Corliss met at the beer making classes. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:369
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Happel is an ointer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Yarger is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Koroma is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Anzalone is a wenbumber. At the local reading, Koroma, Anzalone, Yarger, and Happel started a conversation. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:370
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sease is a wenbumber. Janke is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Fleischman is a jesher. Magno is an orgemier. At the beer making classes, Fleischman, Magno, Janke, and Sease connected. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:371
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Anzalone is a ceeper. Strack is a dymer. Wetherington is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Evins is an intensier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the yoga studio, Anzalone, Wetherington, Evins, and Strack ran into each other. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:372
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Turk is a wenbumber. Mancino is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Trainer is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mccloy is a motaswer. At the library, Trainer, Turk, Mccloy, and Mancino started a conversation. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:373
Downey is a quarancer. Guerra is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Everman is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Rowlands is an orgemier. At the local reading, Guerra, Everman, Downey, and Rowlands connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:374
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Eid is a cluker. Vass is a fangher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Cox is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Miyashiro is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Eid, Vass, Miyashiro, and Cox met at the specialty retail store. Markets are usually crowded. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:375
Situ is a motaswer. Popescu is a fangher. Trimm is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Moncrief is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Situ, Moncrief, Trimm, and Popescu met at the boardwalk arcade. There are some good options for food too. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:376
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Musial is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hamburger is a quarancer. Lobdell is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Krout is a patalcer. At the yoga class, Hamburger, Musial, Krout, and Lobdell started a conversation. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:377
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Brew is an onner. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Wilcoxson is an orgemier. Howe is a dymer. Mckinnis is a quarancer. At the specialty retail store, Howe, Brew, Wilcoxson, and Mckinnis connected. Markets are full of surprises! He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:378
Kuang is a gladiower. Valenta is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Orris is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bjerke is a mornisdeiver. At the volunteer work, Valenta, Orris, Kuang, and Bjerke ran into each other. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:379
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Nolting is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Gebhardt is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Terpstra is an ointer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Trang is a jesher. At the specialty retail store, Nolting, Terpstra, Gebhardt, and Trang met. Markets are usually crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:380
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Salzman is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Laidlaw is a motaswer. Sickles is a jogunder. Schall is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the food co-op, Salzman, Schall, Sickles, and Laidlaw ran into each other. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:381
Sundberg is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Duckworth is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mcconnell is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lafountain is a spacter. At the rideshare, Mcconnell, Sundberg, Lafountain, and Duckworth ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:382
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Moring is an ointer. Fugate is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Escalona is a mornisdeiver. Fortier is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the wedding, Moring, Fortier, Escalona, and Fugate met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:383
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Wadsworth is a spacter. Arenas is a patalcer. Costantino is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Buie is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the comic book expo, Arenas, Wadsworth, Costantino, and Buie met. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:384
Stroup is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Shulman is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Demps is a fangher. Woodruff is an onner. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the library, Woodruff, Stroup, Shulman, and Demps ran into each other. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:385
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Plunk is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Hartsell is a pinwer. Stauber is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Beshears is an onner. At the music and art festival, Stauber, Beshears, Hartsell, and Plunk connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:386
Kneeland is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Vidaurri is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lall is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mcginty is a gladiower. At the market, Mcginty, Lall, Kneeland, and Vidaurri ran into each other. The market is a big source of income for many people. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:387
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Reisner is a mornisdeiver. Aggarwal is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Rodman is a patalcer. Ewers is a dymer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the wedding, Aggarwal, Reisner, Ewers, and Rodman connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:388
Drinkwater is a turper. Green is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Gurrola is a wenbumber. Churchman is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the private club, Churchman, Green, Gurrola, and Drinkwater met. The other beverages served here are ok. They reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:389
Beavers is an ointer. Metts is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gomes is a pinwer. Highland is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gomes, Metts, Beavers, and Highland met at the charity run. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:390
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mclamb is a jogunder. Burman is a spacter. Koonce is an intensier. Sande is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the yoga studio, Koonce, Sande, Mclamb, and Burman started a conversation. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:391
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pinney is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Munoz is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Esteves is a turper. Mcneil is a quarancer. At the yoga studio, Pinney, Esteves, Munoz, and Mcneil ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:392
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Seabrook is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kluck is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Hammonds is an intensier. Kirkman is an onner. Kirkman, Hammonds, Kluck, and Seabrook met at the charity run. The game can be interesting. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:393
Christner is a dymer. Heinen is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Mcgeorge is an intensier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Holdridge is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the high intensity class, Christner, Mcgeorge, Heinen, and Holdridge connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:394
Hershey is a gladiower. Novy is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Woolard is a jesher. Mcree is an intensier. At the networking event, Hershey, Novy, Mcree, and Woolard started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:395
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Maharaj is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Burzynski is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Renfro is a ceeper. Dawley is an oterer. Burzynski, Renfro, Dawley, and Maharaj met at the garden. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:396
Ziegler is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Stiltner is an ointer. Barrentine is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Lundell is a wenbumber. Barrentine, Ziegler, Lundell, and Stiltner met at the open mic night. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:397
Sloss is an intensier. Roesler is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Gaskill is a gladiower. Wilburn is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the school sports event, Roesler, Wilburn, Sloss, and Gaskill started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:398
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Crumpton is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Michalik is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Noriega is a mornisdeiver. Raff is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the yoga class, Noriega, Raff, Crumpton, and Michalik connected. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:399
Veith is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lopezperez is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mcroy is a fangher. Darrington is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the comic book expo, Mcroy, Lopezperez, Darrington, and Veith met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:400
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Shanks is a wenbumber. Gans is an orgemier. Forsberg is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tussey is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the car show, Forsberg, Tussey, Gans, and Shanks connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:401
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Brogden is an ointer. Herdman is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ju is a pinwer. Lombard is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the library, Lombard, Brogden, Ju, and Herdman connected. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:402
Lenhardt is a patalcer. Nantz is an intensier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Radel is an onner. Darrow is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Nantz, Lenhardt, Darrow, and Radel met at the theme park. The park is super crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:403
France is an ointer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Pierrelouis is a turper. Kok is an onner. Biondo is an intensier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the archery class, France, Pierrelouis, Biondo, and Kok connected. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:404
Duby is a cluker. Beard is a spacter. Duhon is a fangher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pina is a patalcer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Duhon, Beard, Pina, and Duby met at the food festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:405
Decastro is a patalcer. Holsey is a cluker. Treanor is a jesher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sanches is a mornisdeiver. At the comic book expo, Sanches, Treanor, Decastro, and Holsey connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:406
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Mcnichols is a fangher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Veney is a spacter. Benford is a patalcer. Furnish is a turper. At the theater festival, Mcnichols, Furnish, Benford, and Veney ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:407
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Kuykendall is an oterer. Reger is a motaswer. Kula is an intensier. Hinderliter is a jesher. Hinderliter, Kula, Reger, and Kuykendall met at the garden. The park is good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:408
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Craver is an onner. Capo is a fangher. Stocks is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Dinan is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the car show, Craver, Stocks, Capo, and Dinan connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:409
Higginson is a jogunder. Prather is an onner. Morillo is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Natal is a cluker. Prather, Natal, Higginson, and Morillo met at the charity run. There is a lot of space to play games here. Ey reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:410
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Bragdon is a motaswer. Wieczorek is a quarancer. Saum is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Funderburk is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the library, Bragdon, Funderburk, Wieczorek, and Saum connected. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:411
Lareau is an orgemier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Hutchins is a cluker. Summerlin is a turper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gowdy is a patalcer. At the food festival, Hutchins, Summerlin, Lareau, and Gowdy ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:412
Comer is an orgemier. Medrano is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Loper is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Albarran is a mornisdeiver. At the specialty retail store, Medrano, Albarran, Loper, and Comer ran into each other. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:413
Mixon is an oterer. Bontrager is a fangher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Highley is a gladiower. Porterfield is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the theme park, Bontrager, Mixon, Porterfield, and Highley met. There are different varieties of plants here! He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:414
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Arbogast is a quarancer. Sorrels is a jesher. Mehta is a dymer. Carvajal is a fangher. Carvajal, Mehta, Arbogast, and Sorrels met at the food co-op. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:415
Schuller is a motaswer. Roye is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Stepanek is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Dowler is a quarancer. At the networking event, Roye, Dowler, Schuller, and Stepanek started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:416
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Remer is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Glasser is a wenbumber. Aiello is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Rockhold is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the private club, Rockhold, Glasser, Aiello, and Remer met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:417
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Oates is a motaswer. Olmstead is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Whitson is a quarancer. Harr is a pinwer. At the comic book expo, Whitson, Olmstead, Oates, and Harr connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:418
Berg is a quarancer. Pease is a patalcer. Ecker is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gangi is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gangi, Berg, Pease, and Ecker met at the networking event. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:419
Santelli is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Averill is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gautreau is a pinwer. Robillard is a mornisdeiver. At the library, Santelli, Averill, Gautreau, and Robillard met. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:420
Sablan is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Shingleton is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mcclelland is a turper. Alas is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the street fair, Mcclelland, Sablan, Alas, and Shingleton started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:421
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Westerfield is a quarancer. Stallard is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hendon is a ceeper. Domenech is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the car show, Domenech, Stallard, Westerfield, and Hendon ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:422
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Gearhart is a dymer. Gills is a fangher. Kearse is a wenbumber. Arwood is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the archery class, Kearse, Arwood, Gearhart, and Gills started a conversation. The class is fun! He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:423
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Noriega is a pinwer. Brault is a patalcer. Jeans is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Knighten is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the high intensity class, Brault, Knighten, Noriega, and Jeans connected. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:424
Tavarez is an onner. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Runk is a quarancer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Walrath is a fangher. Mosser is a wenbumber. At the garden, Tavarez, Walrath, Mosser, and Runk started a conversation. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:425
Czerwinski is an ointer. Trudell is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Waibel is a motaswer. Medrano is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the theme park, Medrano, Czerwinski, Trudell, and Waibel connected. The park is good. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:426
Schuler is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Meacham is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Holmgren is an oterer. Gamez is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the local talk, Gamez, Schuler, Holmgren, and Meacham connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:427
Vuong is a fangher. Petersen is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kovacs is a cluker. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Seeger is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Petersen, Seeger, Kovacs, and Vuong met at the car show. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:428
Meisel is a fangher. Lunsford is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Wilhoit is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Spear is a cluker. At the yoga studio, Wilhoit, Spear, Lunsford, and Meisel ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:429
Wilczynski is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Gies is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Knights is a mornisdeiver. Hamman is a jogunder. Gies, Knights, Wilczynski, and Hamman met at the garden. The park is good. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:430
Gibb is a gladiower. Sheth is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Schuck is a spacter. Nale is a jogunder. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the school sports event, Nale, Sheth, Schuck, and Gibb ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:431
Ammann is a jesher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Cotter is an ointer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Turley is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Blizzard is a patalcer. At the beer making classes, Ammann, Cotter, Turley, and Blizzard started a conversation. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:432
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Seay is an intensier. Jemison is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Sanmiguel is an orgemier. Ferretti is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the stadium, Jemison, Seay, Sanmiguel, and Ferretti met. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:433
Pauli is a gladiower. Rosenberry is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lesage is a jogunder. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Bussell is an onner. Bussell, Rosenberry, Pauli, and Lesage met at the theme park. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:434
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gies is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Rosemond is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Basurto is a fangher. Pazmino is an ointer. Rosemond, Pazmino, Gies, and Basurto met at the networking event. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:435
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sailer is a mornisdeiver. Swint is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Varughese is a turper. Zerbe is a dymer. At the museum, Varughese, Sailer, Swint, and Zerbe connected. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:436
Bustamante is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lenhardt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Enders is an orgemier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Traore is an onner. At the birthday party, Lenhardt, Traore, Enders, and Bustamante connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:437
Sims is a turper. Grado is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Wiedemann is a fangher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Hayman is an onner. At the stadium, Grado, Sims, Wiedemann, and Hayman started a conversation. The city is a great place to find something to do. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:438
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hixon is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Roden is a fangher. Alvarez is a jogunder. Walrath is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the specialty retail store, Roden, Hixon, Walrath, and Alvarez met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:439
Slaven is a cluker. Seidler is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tomes is a dymer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Voorhees is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the volunteer work, Seidler, Voorhees, Tomes, and Slaven ran into each other. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:440
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Henao is a jesher. Plata is a fangher. Karpinski is an oterer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Elrod is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the food festival, Elrod, Henao, Karpinski, and Plata met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:441
Guel is a jogunder. Meisel is an intensier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hoskinson is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Suiter is a turper. Meisel, Guel, Hoskinson, and Suiter met at the local reading. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. They told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:442
Geddes is an oterer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Santilli is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Haglund is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Willer is an onner. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the food festival, Santilli, Geddes, Haglund, and Willer started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:443
Pajak is a patalcer. Dicks is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Neese is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Nease is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Nease, Neese, Pajak, and Dicks met at the music and art festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:444
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Lupercio is an orgemier. Wertz is a motaswer. Nelms is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Chatman is a mornisdeiver. At the volunteer work, Nelms, Lupercio, Wertz, and Chatman connected. To participate, the participants must have a working record. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:445
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Shanley is a pinwer. Rosen is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. States is a turper. Eck is an intensier. At the wedding, Eck, States, Rosen, and Shanley started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:446
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gatica is a jesher. Atherton is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Freitag is a pinwer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Garceau is a turper. Atherton, Gatica, Freitag, and Garceau met at the local talk. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:447
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Marquart is a quarancer. Calhoon is an oterer. Madrid is a patalcer. Shriver is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the specialty retail store, Shriver, Calhoon, Madrid, and Marquart ran into each other. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:448
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Liechty is a ceeper. Moyes is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Cordes is a cluker. Bouknight is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the poolside event, Cordes, Liechty, Bouknight, and Moyes connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:449
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Hetrick is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mcroy is an ointer. East is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Dunmore is a jogunder. At the networking event, Hetrick, Dunmore, Mcroy, and East ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:450
Leiter is a cluker. Coto is an ointer. Hicks is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Trang is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the volunteer work, Leiter, Trang, Coto, and Hicks connected. Volunteering brings peace and happiness. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:451
Davenport is an oterer. Keim is a quarancer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mccarroll is a spacter. Cadena is a cluker. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the birthday party, Davenport, Keim, Mccarroll, and Cadena connected. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:452
Bassi is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Postell is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Thielen is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Nevarez is a gladiower. Thielen, Bassi, Postell, and Nevarez met at the school sports event. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:453
Kuang is a fangher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Galaz is a dymer. Borntreger is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Guyer is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the specialty retail store, Borntreger, Galaz, Guyer, and Kuang connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:454
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Fauntleroy is a dymer. Depaula is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Spain is an oterer. Nygaard is a mornisdeiver. At the yoga class, Nygaard, Fauntleroy, Spain, and Depaula met. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:455
Wolfson is a motaswer. Weeks is an intensier. Mccutchen is a dymer. Kleiner is a cluker. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wolfson, Mccutchen, Kleiner, and Weeks met at the street fair. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:456
Pillow is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Broome is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lucarelli is a gladiower. Hou is an intensier. At the theater festival, Hou, Pillow, Lucarelli, and Broome started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:457
Nevarez is a fangher. Broach is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Brochu is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Fenley is a gladiower. At the wedding, Fenley, Nevarez, Broach, and Brochu ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:458
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Bischoff is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kinder is an ointer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Asbury is a dymer. Midgett is a motaswer. At the local reading, Bischoff, Kinder, Asbury, and Midgett met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:459
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Crochet is an orgemier. Zamorano is an ointer. Paschke is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Blunt is an intensier. At the beer making classes, Crochet, Paschke, Blunt, and Zamorano started a conversation. The class has interesting sessions. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:460
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Goforth is a spacter. Ashburn is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Llanos is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Holle is a mornisdeiver. At the theme park, Holle, Ashburn, Goforth, and Llanos met. The park has a lot of gardens. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:461
Dinges is a dymer. Mcmaster is an oterer. Mcelveen is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Duguay is a cluker. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcelveen, Duguay, Mcmaster, and Dinges met at the theme park. The birds are wild and hungry! He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:462
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Mettler is a fangher. Windom is a pinwer. Stinnett is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Snowden is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mettler, Windom, Stinnett, and Snowden met at the subway. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:463
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Chesnut is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Munoz is a patalcer. Green is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hoeppner is an orgemier. At the carpool, Munoz, Hoeppner, Green, and Chesnut connected. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:464
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Grigg is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcdonell is an oterer. Hertel is a wenbumber. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Strandberg is a turper. At the food co-op, Hertel, Strandberg, Mcdonell, and Grigg met. The beer is excellent. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:465
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Emmert is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Wiedeman is a ceeper. Brackin is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Galbreath is a dymer. Brackin, Emmert, Galbreath, and Wiedeman met at the theme park. The dogs that play here are super cute. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:466
Weir is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Danos is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Staley is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mccray is a dymer. At the cooking class, Danos, Mccray, Staley, and Weir met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:467
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Buitron is a motaswer. Pathak is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Stringer is an onner. Pusateri is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Stringer, Buitron, Pathak, and Pusateri met at the open mic night. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. They reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:468
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Quarles is a wenbumber. Brochu is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Walk is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Tussey is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the local talk, Quarles, Tussey, Walk, and Brochu started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:469
Kroll is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mccully is a turper. Domenech is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Stricklin is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the cooking class, Stricklin, Kroll, Domenech, and Mccully connected. The class is fun! She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:470
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Traore is a quarancer. Herndon is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Jeans is a jogunder. Amezquita is a ceeper. At the wedding, Amezquita, Herndon, Jeans, and Traore started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:471
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Glorioso is an oterer. Vickrey is an ointer. Weingart is a motaswer. Cozad is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Vickrey, Cozad, Glorioso, and Weingart met at the yoga class. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:472
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lagrone is a patalcer. Dull is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Macneil is a spacter. Rojo is a fangher. At the cooking class, Macneil, Dull, Lagrone, and Rojo started a conversation. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:473
Mahr is a turper. Crowl is a spacter. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Nickerson is an onner. Giguere is a ceeper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the birthday party, Crowl, Nickerson, Mahr, and Giguere ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:474
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rouse is a gladiower. Sedano is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Froman is an ointer. Martz is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the library, Martz, Froman, Sedano, and Rouse started a conversation. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. Ze told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:475
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Deines is an intensier. Ponce is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hennis is a wenbumber. Hunsberger is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hunsberger, Ponce, Hennis, and Deines met at the yoga class. Yoga is best done in silence. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:476
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mckeel is a mornisdeiver. Gaddy is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Rauch is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hamada is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the yoga studio, Mckeel, Hamada, Rauch, and Gaddy met. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:477
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Ku is a spacter. Insley is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Pandey is a wenbumber. Lenhardt is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the subway, Ku, Lenhardt, Insley, and Pandey met. People have different schedules. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:478
Foreman is a quarancer. Fentress is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Eddings is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Manis is a jesher. At the subway, Manis, Eddings, Fentress, and Foreman met. People have different schedules. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:479
Garton is a pinwer. Patnode is an onner. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Diener is a motaswer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Pressman is a spacter. At the yoga studio, Diener, Pressman, Patnode, and Garton started a conversation. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:480
Sladek is a patalcer. Bushee is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lacoste is an oterer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Litke is a fangher. At the beer making classes, Lacoste, Litke, Sladek, and Bushee connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:481
Shiflett is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Cadena is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Usry is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Lindsley is an ointer. Cadena, Lindsley, Shiflett, and Usry met at the boardwalk arcade. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:482
Kramp is a wenbumber. Kaminski is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lally is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Lamas is a cluker. Lally, Kramp, Lamas, and Kaminski met at the museum. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:483
Schwan is a pinwer. Hoisington is an intensier. Cooperman is a fangher. Jurado is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the stadium, Schwan, Jurado, Cooperman, and Hoisington started a conversation. A lot of games have many different endings. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:484
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sande is a jesher. Slowik is a quarancer. Billiot is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kahn is a fangher. At the local talk, Sande, Billiot, Kahn, and Slowik started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:485
Imel is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Liptak is a cluker. Kershaw is a ceeper. Rosenau is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the food co-op, Rosenau, Imel, Kershaw, and Liptak connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:486
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mcclay is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Sechrist is a mornisdeiver. Greenhalgh is a spacter. Flowers is a motaswer. At the open mic night, Flowers, Mcclay, Greenhalgh, and Sechrist connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:487
Downey is an oterer. Polizzi is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Hacker is a cluker. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Dittrich is a jogunder. At the school sports event, Hacker, Downey, Dittrich, and Polizzi ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:488
Fodor is a pinwer. Wilken is a wenbumber. Faison is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Blasko is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Faison, Blasko, Wilken, and Fodor met at the market. Markets are usually crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:489
Huth is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Maggard is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Beason is a motaswer. Glorioso is an ointer. At the food co-op, Maggard, Glorioso, Huth, and Beason connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:490
Ates is a gladiower. Kinser is a turper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Drost is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcghee is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the yoga class, Ates, Kinser, Drost, and Mcghee met. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:491
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Maresca is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Stuckey is a patalcer. Wester is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Volk is a jogunder. At the local talk, Maresca, Volk, Stuckey, and Wester met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ey told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:492
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Tuck is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Looper is a ceeper. Varma is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dowler is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the rideshare, Varma, Tuck, Dowler, and Looper met. The public buses are comfortable to ride. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:493
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bugg is an oterer. Eslinger is a cluker. Stehle is a turper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Barillas is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the music and art festival, Eslinger, Bugg, Barillas, and Stehle met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:494
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Blassingame is a cluker. Horvath is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcgehee is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Cantin is a wenbumber. At the local reading, Mcgehee, Horvath, Blassingame, and Cantin ran into each other. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:495
Heuser is an onner. Higley is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Shinault is a ceeper. Yarber is an ointer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the food co-op, Heuser, Higley, Shinault, and Yarber started a conversation. The coffee tea is great. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:496
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Rosso is an ointer. Perryman is a wenbumber. Evangelista is a pinwer. Belser is an oterer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the car show, Evangelista, Rosso, Belser, and Perryman started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ey told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:497
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Koger is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Flanagan is a mornisdeiver. Forman is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Danz is a spacter. At the charity run, Koger, Forman, Flanagan, and Danz ran into each other. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:498
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hershey is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Essig is a turper. Sletten is a dymer. Cotto is an onner. Hershey, Essig, Sletten, and Cotto met at the commuter bus. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:499
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Balderrama is a jogunder. Darland is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Locascio is an orgemier. Schlecht is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the cooking class, Darland, Schlecht, Locascio, and Balderrama met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:500
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Corpus is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Dowe is a motaswer. Mares is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Muirhead is a quarancer. At the theater festival, Dowe, Corpus, Mares, and Muirhead started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:501
Wendler is an onner. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Antley is a cluker. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Heim is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pattison is a jesher. At the high intensity class, Heim, Antley, Wendler, and Pattison met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:502
Betts is an oterer. Whitmire is a quarancer. Ramires is a jesher. Valdovinos is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the library, Ramires, Betts, Valdovinos, and Whitmire started a conversation. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:503
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcmorrow is an onner. Bartle is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bosquez is a wenbumber. Hotchkiss is a quarancer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the specialty retail store, Bosquez, Hotchkiss, Mcmorrow, and Bartle connected. People from across the country are encouraged to join. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:504
Wieland is a motaswer. Newby is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Elizarraras is a gladiower. Macfarland is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the comic book expo, Wieland, Elizarraras, Newby, and Macfarland met. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:505
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Sarkissian is an ointer. Breitenstein is a ceeper. Schmelzer is a pinwer. Ancheta is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the music and art festival, Sarkissian, Breitenstein, Schmelzer, and Ancheta connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:506
Tingler is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Fisk is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Celis is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Carlile is a pinwer. At the private club, Fisk, Celis, Tingler, and Carlile met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:507
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Dabbs is a gladiower. Cervantez is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hoekstra is a motaswer. Kicklighter is a ceeper. At the wine tasting, Dabbs, Hoekstra, Kicklighter, and Cervantez started a conversation. The place is nice. Ze told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:508
Crisman is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Drucker is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Sharma is a wenbumber. Town is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the garden, Crisman, Drucker, Town, and Sharma met. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:509
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Shinault is a jesher. Marten is a ceeper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ethridge is an orgemier. Lupton is a turper. At the local talk, Marten, Lupton, Ethridge, and Shinault started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:510
Scholten is an orgemier. Byun is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Pereira is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Arena is a cluker. Scholten, Pereira, Arena, and Byun met at the yoga class. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:511
Leanos is a patalcer. Bessey is an onner. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Morrill is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bornstein is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the archery class, Bessey, Morrill, Bornstein, and Leanos ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:512
Pendergast is a ceeper. Getz is a cluker. Glascock is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lichty is a dymer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Getz, Pendergast, Lichty, and Glascock met at the theater festival. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:513
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Alvarez is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Macek is a gladiower. Wible is an oterer. Bunton is a ceeper. At the car show, Macek, Wible, Bunton, and Alvarez met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:514
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Jolicoeur is a fangher. Hallinan is an orgemier. Sande is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ulmer is a gladiower. Hallinan, Jolicoeur, Sande, and Ulmer met at the private club. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:515
Greenwalt is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Arenas is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Arruda is a jogunder. Winship is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Arenas, Arruda, Winship, and Greenwalt met at the school sports event. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:516
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hetherington is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sacco is a gladiower. Barbera is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gott is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the networking event, Hetherington, Sacco, Barbera, and Gott ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:517
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Gessner is a dymer. Range is an onner. Chenoweth is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mullane is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Chenoweth, Gessner, Mullane, and Range met at the birthday party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:518
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Novello is a jogunder. Watford is an orgemier. Doby is a gladiower. Kirsch is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the charity run, Watford, Kirsch, Doby, and Novello ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:519
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Kautz is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Euler is a motaswer. Leday is a wenbumber. Rieger is a turper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the archery class, Euler, Kautz, Rieger, and Leday started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:520
Manahan is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Grell is an onner. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Henton is a patalcer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Montalto is an oterer. Grell, Manahan, Montalto, and Henton met at the wedding. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:521
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Collura is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cornwell is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hoeppner is a fangher. Sickles is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the poolside event, Cornwell, Hoeppner, Collura, and Sickles started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:522
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Ragin is a turper. Kinder is a mornisdeiver. Bodner is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Deloney is a quarancer. At the theater festival, Bodner, Kinder, Ragin, and Deloney connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:523
Quattlebaum is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hackney is a mornisdeiver. Carvalho is an oterer. Igo is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the private club, Carvalho, Hackney, Quattlebaum, and Igo connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:524
Rockhold is a wenbumber. Fortney is a quarancer. Whitby is a dymer. Younker is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the boardwalk arcade, Whitby, Rockhold, Younker, and Fortney ran into each other. A lot of games have many different endings. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:525
Lauver is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wendland is a quarancer. Pape is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Earp is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the poolside event, Lauver, Earp, Wendland, and Pape started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:526
Shih is a dymer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ratchford is a ceeper. Bucci is an ointer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Cabana is an onner. At the local talk, Ratchford, Bucci, Cabana, and Shih started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:527
Gregson is an oterer. Hoskinson is a spacter. Dolphin is an orgemier. Castelo is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the specialty retail store, Hoskinson, Gregson, Castelo, and Dolphin ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:528
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Headen is a gladiower. Vanwagner is an onner. Moffat is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Correa is an intensier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the street fair, Moffat, Correa, Vanwagner, and Headen connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:529
Mondragon is a patalcer. Oregel is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Culpepper is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Gullion is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the poolside event, Oregel, Culpepper, Gullion, and Mondragon met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:530
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Sherburne is a spacter. Capellan is a ceeper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Kellum is a patalcer. Rapoza is a turper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the boardwalk arcade, Kellum, Rapoza, Capellan, and Sherburne connected. There are some good options for food too. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:531
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Borquez is an oterer. Steelman is a jogunder. Farquhar is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcalpine is a cluker. At the comic book expo, Farquhar, Borquez, Mcalpine, and Steelman ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:532
Vallone is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Speakman is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Desantiago is a gladiower. Bakker is a mornisdeiver. Bakker, Vallone, Speakman, and Desantiago met at the car show. A large number of people attend these events. Ey told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:533
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kroll is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Satterwhite is an orgemier. Pucci is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Klatt is a mornisdeiver. Pucci, Satterwhite, Klatt, and Kroll met at the theater festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:534
Perryman is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Wingate is a fangher. Chmielewski is an orgemier. Hawks is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the food co-op, Hawks, Chmielewski, Wingate, and Perryman started a conversation. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:535
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Draughn is a ceeper. Tindal is a motaswer. Downard is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Preece is a turper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Tindal, Downard, Preece, and Draughn met at the garden. The dogs that play here are super cute. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:536
Wee is a turper. Eaton is a patalcer. Robb is a jogunder. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dahlberg is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the birthday party, Robb, Dahlberg, Wee, and Eaton connected. The party is going to be full. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:537
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Danley is a motaswer. Mahar is a patalcer. Cervantez is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Waterman is a dymer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the high intensity class, Mahar, Waterman, Cervantez, and Danley connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:538
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fenster is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Heinze is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Buske is a cluker. Burden is a jesher. At the food festival, Buske, Burden, Fenster, and Heinze started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:539
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Bowles is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wegener is a wenbumber. Sankar is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Machin is a jogunder. At the birthday party, Wegener, Bowles, Machin, and Sankar started a conversation. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:540
Gullion is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mintz is a turper. Beaudette is an onner. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Dusek is an oterer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Dusek, Mintz, Gullion, and Beaudette met at the high intensity class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:541
Horstman is a quarancer. Hensel is a patalcer. Heinen is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lasseter is a dymer. At the comic book expo, Lasseter, Heinen, Hensel, and Horstman started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:542
Baig is an oterer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Briner is an ointer. Gardella is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Fontenot is a fangher. At the open mic night, Briner, Baig, Gardella, and Fontenot connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:543
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Stoker is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Spratt is a jogunder. Kreger is a mornisdeiver. Welty is an oterer. At the birthday party, Welty, Kreger, Stoker, and Spratt ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:544
Cleghorn is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Kaltenbach is an orgemier. Mcclinton is a fangher. Otero is an intensier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the theater festival, Otero, Mcclinton, Kaltenbach, and Cleghorn ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:545
Hursey is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Showalter is a gladiower. Weibel is an onner. Egner is a mornisdeiver. At the wine tasting, Hursey, Egner, Weibel, and Showalter connected. The food here is very tasty. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:546
Cordray is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Stamp is a dymer. Tinkham is a cluker. Gaudreau is a ceeper. At the specialty retail store, Stamp, Cordray, Gaudreau, and Tinkham started a conversation. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:547
Demeo is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bourassa is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Longstreet is an intensier. Archambault is a spacter. Longstreet, Archambault, Demeo, and Bourassa met at the wedding. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:548
Feng is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Halvorson is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Markovich is an intensier. Swigart is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the theme park, Feng, Halvorson, Swigart, and Markovich connected. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:549
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wacker is a spacter. Tineo is an intensier. Beaupre is a wenbumber. Enfinger is an onner. At the specialty retail store, Enfinger, Beaupre, Wacker, and Tineo started a conversation. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. They reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:550
Leday is an ointer. Felty is a quarancer. Leyba is an intensier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Manjarrez is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Felty, Manjarrez, Leday, and Leyba met at the carpool. People have different schedules. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:551
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Scaife is a wenbumber. Eversole is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Trego is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Bumpus is a jesher. At the school sports event, Eversole, Trego, Bumpus, and Scaife started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:552
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Stroman is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Freeland is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Horton is an ointer. Stanko is a gladiower. At the food festival, Stanko, Horton, Stroman, and Freeland started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:553
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Thorp is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lipson is an intensier. Gent is a jesher. Briseno is a turper. Thorp, Lipson, Gent, and Briseno met at the birthday party. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:554
Gluck is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mangino is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Moran is a dymer. Vanvliet is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mangino, Moran, Vanvliet, and Gluck met at the library. There are ways to find the great websites out there. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:555
Whitlow is a spacter. Vachon is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rigney is a jogunder. Marker is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Whitlow, Vachon, Rigney, and Marker met at the carpool. People have different schedules. They reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:556
Boughton is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Abt is an intensier. Brassfield is a pinwer. Hames is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the beer making classes, Abt, Hames, Boughton, and Brassfield met. Classes provide fun and challenge. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:557
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Craddock is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Stannard is an onner. Moffat is a motaswer. Carlucci is an ointer. At the rideshare, Carlucci, Craddock, Stannard, and Moffat ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. Ey told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:558
Highland is a patalcer. Yetter is a wenbumber. Truex is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Faller is an oterer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the food festival, Truex, Faller, Yetter, and Highland connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:559
Ates is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Blohm is a fangher. Senger is a quarancer. Baltz is a jogunder. At the private club, Senger, Baltz, Ates, and Blohm met. The drinks are served on time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:560
Mcroberts is a fangher. Rickett is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Parshall is an ointer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Ferrer is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the wine tasting, Mcroberts, Ferrer, Rickett, and Parshall connected. The other beverages served here are ok. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:561
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pepe is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Manis is a jogunder. Godsey is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Vanderhoff is a fangher. At the rideshare, Godsey, Vanderhoff, Pepe, and Manis met. The public transports are public. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:562
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Andreasen is a jogunder. Trumble is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Ybanez is a mornisdeiver. Willer is a ceeper. At the subway, Trumble, Andreasen, Willer, and Ybanez started a conversation. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:563
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Kowalczyk is an orgemier. Spurlin is a jogunder. Swaney is a cluker. Natal is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the market, Spurlin, Natal, Swaney, and Kowalczyk started a conversation. The market is a big source of income for many people. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:564
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lalonde is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Krapf is a jesher. Esquer is an orgemier. Biondo is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the archery class, Biondo, Lalonde, Esquer, and Krapf ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:565
Borchardt is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Casares is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sanmiguel is an ointer. Stonge is a dymer. Stonge, Borchardt, Casares, and Sanmiguel met at the street fair. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:566
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Koroma is an intensier. Pipkins is a fangher. Parchman is an ointer. Borchers is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the library, Parchman, Pipkins, Koroma, and Borchers connected. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:567
Valdovinos is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Bornstein is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Buckingham is an ointer. Chaudhary is an orgemier. Bornstein, Buckingham, Chaudhary, and Valdovinos met at the school sports event. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:568
Rheaume is a wenbumber. Dewald is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hawley is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Witham is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the poolside event, Rheaume, Dewald, Witham, and Hawley connected. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:569
Duan is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mole is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Zimmermann is a fangher. Cuffee is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the stadium, Mole, Duan, Cuffee, and Zimmermann ran into each other. The game can be interesting. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:570
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Nettles is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wines is a dymer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Traywick is a patalcer. Guenther is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the beer making classes, Traywick, Wines, Guenther, and Nettles met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:571
Rockhold is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Dosch is a patalcer. Walsh is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kilbourne is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the wedding, Rockhold, Dosch, Walsh, and Kilbourne met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:572
Daye is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Suiter is a mornisdeiver. Tignor is a wenbumber. Sattler is a spacter. At the networking event, Sattler, Tignor, Suiter, and Daye met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:573
Pough is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Summerlin is a jogunder. Eby is a quarancer. Hahn is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the stadium, Summerlin, Pough, Eby, and Hahn ran into each other. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:574
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Ault is a jesher. Claxton is a cluker. Fidler is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Creamer is a fangher. At the theme park, Fidler, Creamer, Ault, and Claxton met. The park looks nice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:575
Sacks is a jogunder. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Browder is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bartling is a turper. Makela is a quarancer. At the stadium, Browder, Sacks, Makela, and Bartling started a conversation. There is a lot of space to play games here. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:576
Roye is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Brake is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Frison is an ointer. Fujita is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the archery class, Brake, Fujita, Roye, and Frison connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:577
Radel is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Saddler is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Pahl is a jogunder. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Beggs is a spacter. At the stadium, Beggs, Saddler, Radel, and Pahl connected. The game can be interesting. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:578
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Vachon is a quarancer. Archambault is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Claeys is an orgemier. Manzano is a jogunder. At the wedding, Claeys, Vachon, Archambault, and Manzano met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. Ze reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:579
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kratzer is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Goode is a quarancer. Bozarth is a dymer. Chery is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the food festival, Kratzer, Bozarth, Chery, and Goode started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:580
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lessard is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Robb is an onner. Harrel is an oterer. Danley is an intensier. Danley, Robb, Harrel, and Lessard met at the theme park. The dogs that play here are super cute. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:581
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mccarter is an intensier. Luera is a motaswer. Glickman is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Prisco is a turper. At the food co-op, Prisco, Glickman, Mccarter, and Luera started a conversation. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:582
Allain is a jogunder. Grosvenor is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ratcliff is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bouck is a quarancer. At the subway, Bouck, Allain, Ratcliff, and Grosvenor connected. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:583
Mederos is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mcalpine is a pinwer. Prejean is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Deines is a patalcer. Prejean, Mederos, Deines, and Mcalpine met at the market. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:584
Royster is a fangher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Landa is a spacter. Mceachern is a pinwer. Kroll is a jogunder. At the garden, Kroll, Royster, Mceachern, and Landa met. The dogs here are lovely. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:585
Hilley is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Harned is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Pompa is a quarancer. Sesay is a motaswer. At the library, Harned, Sesay, Hilley, and Pompa connected. Book clubs help expand social circles. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:586
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sinkler is an orgemier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Engram is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Metts is an onner. Loos is a turper. At the archery class, Metts, Sinkler, Loos, and Engram met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:587
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kovacs is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Stubblefield is a wenbumber. Newborn is a dymer. Stanko is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the rideshare, Stanko, Kovacs, Newborn, and Stubblefield ran into each other. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:588
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Currie is a patalcer. Hiltz is a quarancer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sedlak is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ates is a ceeper. Hiltz, Currie, Ates, and Sedlak met at the open mic night. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:589
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Kelch is a cluker. Panico is a mornisdeiver. Stouffer is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Toliver is a dymer. At the theme park, Toliver, Stouffer, Kelch, and Panico started a conversation. The park is very peaceful. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:590
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Reiff is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Edlund is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Moye is a mornisdeiver. Marker is a turper. At the wine tasting, Moye, Edlund, Reiff, and Marker started a conversation. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:591
Cottingham is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dick is a turper. Torok is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brightwell is a quarancer. At the comic book expo, Cottingham, Torok, Brightwell, and Dick started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:592
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Wehrle is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Sattler is a fangher. Artiaga is a turper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Keyes is a jesher. At the archery class, Wehrle, Keyes, Sattler, and Artiaga started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:593
Lesage is a spacter. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Leath is a cluker. Liles is an oterer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Lafleur is a patalcer. At the food festival, Liles, Leath, Lesage, and Lafleur met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:594
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Moeller is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cowgill is a patalcer. Decastro is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ferrera is a ceeper. Moeller, Cowgill, Ferrera, and Decastro met at the archery class. It's a huge place! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:595
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Stoker is a jesher. Corcoran is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Prickett is an onner. Beaulieu is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the yoga class, Beaulieu, Corcoran, Stoker, and Prickett met. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:596
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Poulter is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lovitt is an intensier. Resler is a dymer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Capasso is an onner. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the specialty retail store, Lovitt, Poulter, Capasso, and Resler met. The market is open to all genders and ages. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:597
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Blassingame is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Raub is a jesher. Lyttle is a pinwer. Newburn is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the theme park, Raub, Lyttle, Blassingame, and Newburn started a conversation. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:598
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wehrle is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rustad is a jesher. Cheeks is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Teel is a patalcer. At the garden, Rustad, Cheeks, Teel, and Wehrle met. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:599
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Cocco is a motaswer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Loughlin is a turper. Showalter is an ointer. Malinowski is a cluker. At the car show, Showalter, Cocco, Loughlin, and Malinowski ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:600
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Holtzman is a patalcer. Mullane is an oterer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Latimore is a cluker. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lapoint is an intensier. At the local reading, Latimore, Lapoint, Holtzman, and Mullane started a conversation. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:601
Maines is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hacker is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sather is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Petro is a fangher. At the comic book expo, Maines, Sather, Petro, and Hacker met. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:602
Pucci is an orgemier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Trejo is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Crowl is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Schwab is a turper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the subway, Trejo, Pucci, Crowl, and Schwab ran into each other. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:603
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Martineau is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Woodworth is a cluker. Ingraham is an onner. Chatman is an oterer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the market, Woodworth, Martineau, Chatman, and Ingraham met. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. Ey told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:604
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hartsell is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Sowinski is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Olague is an intensier. Fix is a wenbumber. At the garden, Hartsell, Fix, Olague, and Sowinski started a conversation. The park site for more information about the location. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:605
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Epperson is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Cearley is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Figgins is an oterer. Ratliff is a cluker. At the archery class, Ratliff, Figgins, Cearley, and Epperson met. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:606
Gullett is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Brunette is an intensier. Panico is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kunkel is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the wedding, Gullett, Kunkel, Brunette, and Panico connected. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:607
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Qureshi is a fangher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mayne is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Egner is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Suarez is a jesher. At the market, Qureshi, Egner, Suarez, and Mayne ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:608
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Glorioso is a turper. Hubbs is a quarancer. Krebs is a fangher. Pica is an oterer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the private club, Glorioso, Krebs, Hubbs, and Pica connected. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:609
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Westfall is a quarancer. Haines is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Gillum is a dymer. Lazenby is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the specialty retail store, Lazenby, Gillum, Haines, and Westfall connected. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. Ey reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:610
Berumen is a motaswer. Walsh is an ointer. Glick is an orgemier. Banuelos is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the music and art festival, Walsh, Glick, Banuelos, and Berumen ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ey reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:611
Ducker is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Duck is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gautier is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bohanon is a wenbumber. Ducker, Gautier, Duck, and Bohanon met at the wine tasting. The other beverages served here are ok. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:612
Parga is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mckeever is a fangher. Stovall is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Arthurs is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the stadium, Stovall, Arthurs, Parga, and Mckeever met. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:613
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Macneil is a turper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Daw is an oterer. Pascarella is a gladiower. Kehoe is a spacter. At the stadium, Kehoe, Pascarella, Daw, and Macneil started a conversation. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:614
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Smoot is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Zurek is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Munroe is a gladiower. Manus is a mornisdeiver. At the stadium, Manus, Munroe, Zurek, and Smoot met. The weather is nice for games today. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:615
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Pinheiro is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Cournoyer is a pinwer. Zumwalt is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lynam is a quarancer. At the street fair, Cournoyer, Zumwalt, Lynam, and Pinheiro met. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:616
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Enamorado is a pinwer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Close is a ceeper. Flemings is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Kilburn is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the stadium, Flemings, Kilburn, Enamorado, and Close met. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:617
Wafer is an intensier. Rubel is a mornisdeiver. Marrone is a cluker. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Foreman is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the cooking class, Wafer, Foreman, Marrone, and Rubel met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:618
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bogar is a gladiower. Baptist is a patalcer. Beehler is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Davila is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the specialty retail store, Davila, Beehler, Bogar, and Baptist ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:619
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Digiovanni is a patalcer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Baity is an onner. Niemeyer is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Won is a motaswer. At the cooking class, Baity, Digiovanni, Niemeyer, and Won connected. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:620
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Vanvliet is an intensier. Belton is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Eggleston is a fangher. Kwong is a turper. Vanvliet, Eggleston, Kwong, and Belton met at the birthday party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:621
Kosinski is a jogunder. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Threatt is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Walk is a dymer. Jeffcoat is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the rideshare, Walk, Jeffcoat, Threatt, and Kosinski ran into each other. Public transports are affordable. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:622
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wasser is a jogunder. Sokol is a jesher. Shofner is an orgemier. Gehringer is a mornisdeiver. At the library, Gehringer, Wasser, Shofner, and Sokol connected. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:623
Wehr is a gladiower. Suydam is a fangher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Meador is an onner. Borntreger is a cluker. At the school sports event, Wehr, Suydam, Meador, and Borntreger connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:624
Hembree is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Craft is a pinwer. Quattlebaum is a gladiower. Goodlett is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Craft, Hembree, Quattlebaum, and Goodlett met at the networking event. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:625
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Willingham is a spacter. Godbey is a jesher. Farias is a motaswer. Strong is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Godbey, Farias, Willingham, and Strong met at the subway. The public transports are public. They reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:626
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gillan is a wenbumber. Gaddy is a ceeper. Darland is an oterer. Judkins is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the wedding, Gillan, Darland, Gaddy, and Judkins started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:627
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gale is a jogunder. Schluter is a wenbumber. Heise is a patalcer. Robillard is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the food festival, Robillard, Schluter, Heise, and Gale ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:628
Drucker is an oterer. Meister is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Grindstaff is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Parry is a wenbumber. At the comic book expo, Meister, Drucker, Parry, and Grindstaff connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:629
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Chronister is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mastroianni is a wenbumber. Myrick is an ointer. Behling is an oterer. Myrick, Chronister, Mastroianni, and Behling met at the poolside event. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:630
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Saladino is a spacter. Mullett is a pinwer. Ito is a gladiower. Atwater is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the beer making classes, Saladino, Ito, Atwater, and Mullett started a conversation. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:631
Heineman is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hellman is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Fuerst is a turper. Moffat is a gladiower. At the market, Moffat, Heineman, Fuerst, and Hellman started a conversation. The market is open to all genders and ages. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:632
Aleman is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Levine is an onner. Strayhorn is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Trinh is a ceeper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the beer making classes, Trinh, Aleman, Strayhorn, and Levine ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:633
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Vandegrift is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Blackwood is a spacter. Liles is a motaswer. Hambrick is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the stadium, Hambrick, Liles, Blackwood, and Vandegrift met. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:634
Bartow is a mornisdeiver. Branstetter is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Rieger is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Pillsbury is a dymer. Branstetter, Bartow, Pillsbury, and Rieger met at the specialty retail store. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:635
Deno is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Maust is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lockard is a jogunder. Metz is a dymer. At the rideshare, Lockard, Deno, Maust, and Metz ran into each other. The public buses are comfortable to ride. Ze told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:636
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Yearwood is a ceeper. Hubbs is a gladiower. Hawks is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Wymer is a dymer. At the yoga studio, Wymer, Hubbs, Yearwood, and Hawks connected. Yoga is best done in silence. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:637
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Lineberry is an oterer. Tilton is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Newby is a cluker. Hoeppner is a turper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the rideshare, Tilton, Hoeppner, Lineberry, and Newby ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:638
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Morelock is a ceeper. Grow is a gladiower. Stoddard is a quarancer. Runk is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the carpool, Morelock, Grow, Runk, and Stoddard started a conversation. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:639
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Buse is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Turk is a cluker. Vanwagner is an oterer. Latour is a spacter. At the comic book expo, Vanwagner, Buse, Latour, and Turk ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:640
Koon is an ointer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Villines is an onner. Santucci is a jesher. Montesinos is a jogunder. At the street fair, Santucci, Villines, Koon, and Montesinos connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:641
Sims is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Blassingame is an ointer. Mollica is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Maysonet is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the food co-op, Blassingame, Mollica, Sims, and Maysonet connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:642
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Zhen is an onner. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Koerner is a mornisdeiver. Helland is a ceeper. Reinhard is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the charity run, Zhen, Koerner, Reinhard, and Helland ran into each other. There is plenty of food to eat here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:643
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mckie is a patalcer. Quiroz is a wenbumber. Guo is an ointer. Lofland is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the local talk, Lofland, Mckie, Quiroz, and Guo connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:644
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Delbosque is a pinwer. Provenzano is a dymer. Pursley is a cluker. Oxley is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the private club, Pursley, Oxley, Provenzano, and Delbosque started a conversation. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:645
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Andrus is an onner. Matzke is a mornisdeiver. Woodrum is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Gately is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Woodrum, Matzke, Andrus, and Gately met at the car show. The event is free and open to all people. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:646
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Bromberg is an orgemier. Pajak is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Depaula is a cluker. Mcpherson is a spacter. At the market, Mcpherson, Pajak, Depaula, and Bromberg started a conversation. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:647
Webber is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Dicks is a dymer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Cano is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Wallach is a spacter. At the museum, Dicks, Webber, Wallach, and Cano ran into each other. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:648
Lonergan is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Balog is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Meinert is an oterer. Onofre is a patalcer. At the rideshare, Onofre, Meinert, Lonergan, and Balog ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. Ey reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:649
Deberry is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Koehl is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Harp is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Redford is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the food co-op, Harp, Redford, Koehl, and Deberry met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:650
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Sommers is a motaswer. Taranto is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Puglisi is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Cupples is a cluker. At the market, Puglisi, Cupples, Taranto, and Sommers met. The market is open to all genders and ages. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:651
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wisneski is an orgemier. Perkins is an oterer. Kennerly is a motaswer. Birmingham is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the yoga studio, Perkins, Wisneski, Birmingham, and Kennerly connected. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:652
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Mcknight is an ointer. Daye is a ceeper. Rish is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mckiernan is a spacter. At the carpool, Rish, Mcknight, Daye, and Mckiernan ran into each other. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:653
Pulliam is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. East is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Santilli is a quarancer. Casler is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the wedding, East, Casler, Pulliam, and Santilli ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:654
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Postell is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Highfield is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Claeys is a quarancer. Lawyer is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the high intensity class, Postell, Lawyer, Claeys, and Highfield met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:655
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Parson is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Callanan is a pinwer. Whitmire is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Brunell is a spacter. At the poolside event, Brunell, Callanan, Parson, and Whitmire started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:656
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mosteller is a mornisdeiver. Elrod is a cluker. Barrientos is a turper. Nevels is a quarancer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the local talk, Elrod, Barrientos, Mosteller, and Nevels ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:657
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Kearney is an intensier. Lingenfelter is a dymer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Heuser is a ceeper. Bair is a cluker. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the garden, Lingenfelter, Heuser, Kearney, and Bair ran into each other. All the flowers in the park are so nice. They reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:658
Fincher is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Eastridge is a mornisdeiver. Birt is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mukherjee is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the rideshare, Birt, Fincher, Mukherjee, and Eastridge ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:659
Archila is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Troiano is a pinwer. Mynatt is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lambdin is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the wine tasting, Archila, Mynatt, Troiano, and Lambdin met. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:660
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mcpeek is a fangher. Mcknight is a gladiower. Biondo is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Husted is a mornisdeiver. Mcpeek, Biondo, Mcknight, and Husted met at the music and art festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:661
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Treadwell is a gladiower. Rigney is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Purdy is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wolfer is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the local talk, Purdy, Rigney, Wolfer, and Treadwell met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:662
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Culver is a mornisdeiver. Taub is a pinwer. Yeoman is a cluker. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hambrick is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Yeoman, Hambrick, Culver, and Taub met at the music and art festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:663
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Montalvo is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gustafson is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Zimmermann is a gladiower. Matute is a mornisdeiver. Zimmermann, Gustafson, Matute, and Montalvo met at the food festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:664
Burnett is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Aldrete is a jesher. Bouley is a mornisdeiver. Fix is an intensier. At the stadium, Burnett, Aldrete, Fix, and Bouley connected. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:665
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Heider is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Harjo is a mornisdeiver. Shavers is a turper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hamman is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the stadium, Heider, Harjo, Hamman, and Shavers met. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:666
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sustaita is an intensier. Bobo is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Cusick is a turper. Koury is an ointer. At the school sports event, Sustaita, Koury, Cusick, and Bobo started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:667
Cranfill is a motaswer. Boisvert is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Colley is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Tooker is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Cranfill, Boisvert, Colley, and Tooker met at the networking event. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:668
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Dingess is a jesher. Roeder is an intensier. Braman is a patalcer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Koger is a turper. At the commuter bus, Braman, Koger, Dingess, and Roeder ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:669
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Haugh is a gladiower. Oviedo is a turper. Helsley is an orgemier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bucklin is a pinwer. At the museum, Bucklin, Helsley, Haugh, and Oviedo started a conversation. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:670
Goldsberry is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Baity is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Binion is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gautreaux is a gladiower. At the high intensity class, Baity, Goldsberry, Gautreaux, and Binion started a conversation. The class is fun! She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:671
Hooley is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Nally is a fangher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Debolt is an orgemier. Mayne is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the rideshare, Nally, Debolt, Hooley, and Mayne started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:672
Ernst is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Engstrom is a dymer. Mintz is a pinwer. Whittenburg is a quarancer. Whittenburg, Ernst, Mintz, and Engstrom met at the specialty retail store. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:673
Farquharson is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Michalik is a cluker. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gales is a wenbumber. Gautier is a jesher. At the market, Michalik, Gautier, Gales, and Farquharson met. The market is open to all genders and ages. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:674
Desjardins is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Heckler is a dymer. Hysell is a motaswer. Veal is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Heckler, Hysell, Desjardins, and Veal met at the food co-op. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:675
Salmeron is a jogunder. Duvall is a mornisdeiver. Behrens is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Longstreet is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the local talk, Salmeron, Duvall, Longstreet, and Behrens started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:676
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Coble is an oterer. Larimer is a dymer. Broomfield is an ointer. Lieber is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the food festival, Larimer, Lieber, Broomfield, and Coble connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:677
Cardillo is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Eid is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hooks is a patalcer. Pulliam is an ointer. At the wine tasting, Pulliam, Cardillo, Eid, and Hooks connected. The place is nice. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:678
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Abshire is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pereyra is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Finegan is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Heisler is a cluker. At the beer making classes, Pereyra, Heisler, Abshire, and Finegan ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:679
Wehr is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hedden is a quarancer. Carney is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Munoz is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the garden, Wehr, Hedden, Carney, and Munoz ran into each other. The park is good. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:680
Alvord is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Varughese is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pease is an oterer. Ridenour is a gladiower. Alvord, Varughese, Pease, and Ridenour met at the street fair. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:681
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Fidler is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Licari is a wenbumber. Pitcher is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Coil is a motaswer. At the carpool, Coil, Pitcher, Fidler, and Licari started a conversation. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:682
Patillo is a turper. Stonge is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Coachman is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bibbs is a ceeper. At the volunteer work, Coachman, Stonge, Bibbs, and Patillo ran into each other. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:683
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Turman is an intensier. Folk is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Foran is a fangher. Loughlin is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the beer making classes, Loughlin, Folk, Foran, and Turman ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:684
Baumgarten is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Melgoza is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gibney is a spacter. Dowe is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the music and art festival, Melgoza, Baumgarten, Gibney, and Dowe ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:685
Amodeo is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Binion is an ointer. Farina is a ceeper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Hofman is a spacter. At the music and art festival, Farina, Hofman, Amodeo, and Binion connected. A lot of people participate in these events! They reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:686
Loi is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Sand is an intensier. Ambrosio is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Cantley is an oterer. At the poolside event, Sand, Cantley, Ambrosio, and Loi met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:687
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dewees is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mccrimmon is an onner. Canady is a patalcer. Mannino is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the boardwalk arcade, Mannino, Canady, Dewees, and Mccrimmon met. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:688
Witter is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Calkins is a mornisdeiver. Radel is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hershman is an oterer. Hershman, Calkins, Witter, and Radel met at the charity run. The weather is nice for games today. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:689
Spires is a patalcer. Budge is a quarancer. Almeda is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Knott is a wenbumber. At the food co-op, Almeda, Budge, Knott, and Spires ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:690
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Bohanon is an intensier. Holeman is a jesher. Jernigan is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Blinn is a motaswer. At the volunteer work, Jernigan, Blinn, Holeman, and Bohanon met. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:691
Norton is a jogunder. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Banfield is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Vitale is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Avis is a spacter. At the garden, Avis, Vitale, Norton, and Banfield met. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:692
Ivanov is a motaswer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hole is an oterer. Knighten is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Igo is a mornisdeiver. At the car show, Ivanov, Igo, Hole, and Knighten started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:693
Peden is a cluker. Taliaferro is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Flock is a pinwer. Staggs is a motaswer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the birthday party, Taliaferro, Peden, Flock, and Staggs met. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:694
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Wolbert is a jogunder. Rice is a fangher. Kerstetter is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Jimenez is a patalcer. At the music and art festival, Kerstetter, Jimenez, Wolbert, and Rice met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:695
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Litton is a patalcer. Logsdon is an orgemier. Cude is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Klingler is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the comic book expo, Logsdon, Litton, Cude, and Klingler ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:696
Wendland is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Leite is an ointer. Hussey is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Llanos is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the food co-op, Llanos, Leite, Hussey, and Wendland ran into each other. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:697
Claar is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bump is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Heroux is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pope is a turper. At the local reading, Bump, Heroux, Pope, and Claar ran into each other. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:698
Simonian is a fangher. Lopresti is a patalcer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Fulp is an onner. Deines is a ceeper. Simonian, Fulp, Deines, and Lopresti met at the high intensity class. This class has amazing outcomes. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:699
Vanscoy is an intensier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Bise is an onner. Roblero is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Flynt is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the street fair, Vanscoy, Roblero, Flynt, and Bise ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:700
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Garrow is an oterer. Swinton is an intensier. Southworth is an onner. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Chien is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the high intensity class, Swinton, Chien, Garrow, and Southworth connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:701
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Schoening is a turper. Welter is a quarancer. Creekmore is an onner. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Snively is a motaswer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Schoening, Welter, Creekmore, and Snively connected. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:702
Kellum is a spacter. Varela is an oterer. Osornio is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Whorton is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kellum, Whorton, Varela, and Osornio met at the garden. The water is very good and clean. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:703
Maas is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Flanagan is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Espinal is a quarancer. Hewett is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Espinal, Hewett, Flanagan, and Maas met at the networking event. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:704
Bower is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Vieira is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Machin is a spacter. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Theriot is a motaswer. At the theater festival, Vieira, Machin, Bower, and Theriot ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:705
Hoops is a cluker. Beaulieu is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bhat is a motaswer. Rahe is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the school sports event, Rahe, Bhat, Hoops, and Beaulieu ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:706
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Burdine is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Salzman is a cluker. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Krehbiel is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Chatman is a turper. At the commuter bus, Krehbiel, Salzman, Burdine, and Chatman ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:707
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Dumas is a fangher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bettencourt is a dymer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lozier is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Daye is an ointer. At the private club, Bettencourt, Daye, Dumas, and Lozier started a conversation. The place was crowded. Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:708
Hodgin is an onner. Binion is a pinwer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kha is a quarancer. Kozar is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the market, Hodgin, Binion, Kha, and Kozar started a conversation. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:709
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Moy is an onner. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Licari is a cluker. Ancheta is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Burruss is a patalcer. Licari, Moy, Burruss, and Ancheta met at the car show. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:710
Markovich is a dymer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Belden is a jesher. Roush is an orgemier. Demartino is an onner. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the archery class, Roush, Markovich, Belden, and Demartino started a conversation. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:711
Lustig is a mornisdeiver. Messer is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sattler is a gladiower. Winship is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the food co-op, Winship, Lustig, Sattler, and Messer started a conversation. The atmosphere was nice. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:712
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Settles is a gladiower. Butterworth is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ogrady is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Valdes is a pinwer. At the rideshare, Butterworth, Settles, Ogrady, and Valdes started a conversation. The public buses are comfortable to ride. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:713
Perryman is a quarancer. Norton is an onner. Bassi is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Friedrichs is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bassi, Norton, Friedrichs, and Perryman met at the food co-op. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:714
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Miramontes is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Goucher is an orgemier. Whitmire is a jesher. Lonergan is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the birthday party, Lonergan, Miramontes, Goucher, and Whitmire met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:715
Marquart is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Tellez is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Weyant is a quarancer. Huth is a spacter. At the high intensity class, Weyant, Huth, Tellez, and Marquart started a conversation. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:716
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Menon is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Parkhill is an oterer. Whitehill is a gladiower. Uecker is a fangher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Menon, Uecker, Whitehill, and Parkhill met at the volunteer work. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:717
Pulliam is a mornisdeiver. Crowther is a jogunder. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sechrist is a patalcer. Besser is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Besser, Sechrist, Crowther, and Pulliam met at the yoga class. A yoga class helps live a happier life. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:718
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Prather is a fangher. Bones is a wenbumber. Gooden is a mornisdeiver. Abston is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the theater festival, Prather, Bones, Gooden, and Abston started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:719
Drummer is an intensier. Filson is an oterer. Comeaux is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mcculley is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the subway, Mcculley, Drummer, Comeaux, and Filson met. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:720
Eastridge is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Esquer is a quarancer. Moeller is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Saum is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the library, Saum, Moeller, Eastridge, and Esquer met. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:721
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Duck is a pinwer. Eames is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Ancheta is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Heflin is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the food festival, Ancheta, Duck, Heflin, and Eames connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:722
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Re is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rudnick is a pinwer. Felten is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ribeiro is a wenbumber. At the museum, Felten, Re, Ribeiro, and Rudnick ran into each other. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:723
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Srinivasan is a fangher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Watanabe is a jesher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Cheng is a cluker. Carvajal is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the food co-op, Srinivasan, Cheng, Carvajal, and Watanabe ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:724
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bey is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Levine is a ceeper. Curtin is an oterer. Dematteo is an ointer. At the beer making classes, Levine, Curtin, Dematteo, and Bey met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:725
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gines is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Baptist is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ates is an oterer. Dipasquale is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the carpool, Gines, Dipasquale, Baptist, and Ates met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:726
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Shuman is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Latona is a wenbumber. Fleisher is a motaswer. Caddell is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the library, Fleisher, Caddell, Latona, and Shuman met. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:727
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Fuson is an onner. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lowrie is a jogunder. Drayer is an ointer. Zhen is a patalcer. At the car show, Drayer, Lowrie, Fuson, and Zhen connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:728
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Doman is a wenbumber. Jakubowski is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Straw is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lough is a turper. At the birthday party, Straw, Jakubowski, Doman, and Lough connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:729
Paik is a jesher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Shiver is an intensier. Ferrera is an oterer. Canady is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ferrera, Canady, Paik, and Shiver met at the birthday party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:730
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Parchman is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Cordova is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Rayborn is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Olivarez is a cluker. Rayborn, Olivarez, Cordova, and Parchman met at the local reading. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:731
Ellwood is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mayoral is an oterer. Sieg is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hauck is a patalcer. Mayoral, Sieg, Ellwood, and Hauck met at the library. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:732
Irvine is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Metzger is a quarancer. Welter is an intensier. Johansen is a cluker. Welter, Irvine, Metzger, and Johansen met at the stadium. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:733
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Donoghue is an intensier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Brey is a pinwer. Ulloa is a cluker. Strandberg is a mornisdeiver. Strandberg, Brey, Donoghue, and Ulloa met at the food co-op. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:734
Beckley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Swann is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Strait is a cluker. Blackwood is a wenbumber. At the open mic night, Swann, Blackwood, Strait, and Beckley started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:735
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Province is an onner. Lesh is a mornisdeiver. Leday is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Woodside is a motaswer. Leday, Lesh, Province, and Woodside met at the theme park. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:736
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Garg is an oterer. Mentzer is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Summerville is a dymer. Hawley is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the boardwalk arcade, Hawley, Garg, Mentzer, and Summerville started a conversation. There is a lot of other play places on the map. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:737
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Archuleta is a wenbumber. Warnke is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Asbury is an orgemier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ros is a turper. At the carpool, Asbury, Ros, Warnke, and Archuleta ran into each other. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:738
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Menke is a jogunder. Alkire is a ceeper. Atha is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Work is a cluker. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the commuter bus, Work, Alkire, Menke, and Atha ran into each other. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:739
Chevalier is a motaswer. Mcquade is a dymer. Goldschmidt is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Birchfield is a ceeper. Goldschmidt, Birchfield, Mcquade, and Chevalier met at the wedding. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:740
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. March is an oterer. Birt is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Throop is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Guilford is a quarancer. At the networking event, Guilford, Birt, Throop, and March started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:741
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Blackstock is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Almeda is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Niemeyer is an intensier. Wegner is a spacter. At the theater festival, Wegner, Almeda, Blackstock, and Niemeyer connected. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:742
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bales is an intensier. Newhall is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Berkey is an onner. Gaynor is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Gaynor, Bales, Berkey, and Newhall met at the wine tasting. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:743
Mccreary is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Lesh is a mornisdeiver. Straw is a wenbumber. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Boll is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the garden, Boll, Lesh, Mccreary, and Straw ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:744
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Collis is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lafountain is a pinwer. Bevis is a spacter. Mcmorris is an orgemier. At the food festival, Mcmorris, Lafountain, Collis, and Bevis connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:745
Vasques is a ceeper. Castelo is an ointer. Orear is a pinwer. Ketcham is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the theme park, Castelo, Ketcham, Orear, and Vasques ran into each other. The park has a lot of gardens. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:746
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Terpstra is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Whittemore is a quarancer. Krishnamurthy is a fangher. Brzezinski is a patalcer. At the yoga studio, Brzezinski, Terpstra, Whittemore, and Krishnamurthy started a conversation. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:747
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Brodersen is a spacter. Fleetwood is an oterer. Cogburn is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sandman is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the school sports event, Cogburn, Brodersen, Sandman, and Fleetwood ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:748
Tuck is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Baskett is a cluker. Mancilla is a dymer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Lucente is a patalcer. Mancilla, Tuck, Lucente, and Baskett met at the library. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:749
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Steffey is a dymer. Essig is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Koenig is a cluker. Elrod is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the car show, Essig, Elrod, Koenig, and Steffey started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:750
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Lamanna is a quarancer. Kays is a cluker. Landrum is an onner. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Wingate is a jesher. At the food festival, Wingate, Lamanna, Landrum, and Kays connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:751
Yingling is a dymer. Sommerville is an oterer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Matzke is a ceeper. Murga is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the library, Matzke, Sommerville, Murga, and Yingling ran into each other. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:752
Plath is a turper. Rutland is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Sears is a mornisdeiver. Arciniega is a quarancer. At the stadium, Arciniega, Rutland, Plath, and Sears met. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:753
Norrell is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Ashmore is an intensier. Yip is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nie is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the subway, Nie, Yip, Norrell, and Ashmore met. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:754
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hasley is a spacter. Wilbourn is a ceeper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Morelos is a turper. Horvat is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the wedding, Horvat, Wilbourn, Hasley, and Morelos ran into each other. The event is still underway. They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:755
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Chiu is an intensier. Minter is a fangher. Forcier is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Savage is a dymer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the cooking class, Chiu, Forcier, Minter, and Savage started a conversation. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:756
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Engelmann is a cluker. Desoto is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Smelser is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Baumgarten is a spacter. At the music and art festival, Desoto, Smelser, Engelmann, and Baumgarten connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:757
Hard is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Overbay is a jesher. Reger is a turper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Spada is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the stadium, Overbay, Spada, Reger, and Hard met. The games are a lot of fun. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:758
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Clapper is a spacter. Welter is a gladiower. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Burda is a pinwer. Langlois is an onner. At the archery class, Welter, Clapper, Burda, and Langlois ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:759
Clem is a jesher. Haralson is an intensier. Mccue is a cluker. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bunce is an oterer. At the charity run, Clem, Haralson, Mccue, and Bunce started a conversation. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:760
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Bale is a mornisdeiver. Lunn is a quarancer. Cotter is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Fredette is a wenbumber. At the local reading, Bale, Cotter, Fredette, and Lunn met. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:761
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Chery is an ointer. Metzger is an intensier. Defranco is a mornisdeiver. Klingler is a patalcer. At the cooking class, Klingler, Defranco, Metzger, and Chery ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:762
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mccrory is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Watford is a jesher. Inge is an intensier. Stefanski is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the high intensity class, Mccrory, Watford, Inge, and Stefanski met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:763
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gines is an intensier. Atkinson is an orgemier. Kang is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Meeker is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the stadium, Kang, Atkinson, Gines, and Meeker ran into each other. A lot of games have many different endings. Ey reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:764
Hewett is an intensier. Collar is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Thelen is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Avellaneda is a quarancer. At the open mic night, Collar, Thelen, Hewett, and Avellaneda started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:765
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Pajak is an ointer. Hofmann is a pinwer. Timmer is a dymer. Grasso is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the museum, Timmer, Hofmann, Pajak, and Grasso ran into each other. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:766
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Poulter is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Locker is a dymer. Peoples is a motaswer. Puente is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the food co-op, Poulter, Puente, Locker, and Peoples started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:767
Headrick is an ointer. Zabel is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Pasley is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Aberle is an oterer. At the food co-op, Zabel, Pasley, Aberle, and Headrick started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:768
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Fleeman is a spacter. Tapley is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Padua is an orgemier. Simard is a pinwer. At the yoga class, Tapley, Padua, Simard, and Fleeman ran into each other. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:769
Hauer is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Reck is a jogunder. Solar is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Brummitt is an intensier. At the subway, Hauer, Reck, Solar, and Brummitt ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:770
Eastridge is a ceeper. Siddiqi is an orgemier. Bhat is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Herr is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bhat, Herr, Eastridge, and Siddiqi met at the carpool. Public transports are affordable. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:771
Arellano is a dymer. Bruning is a quarancer. Swoboda is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Ferretti is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the comic book expo, Arellano, Bruning, Ferretti, and Swoboda ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:772
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ziegler is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Castaneda is a wenbumber. Mizell is a jogunder. Mcauley is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Ziegler, Castaneda, Mcauley, and Mizell met at the local reading. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:773
Beegle is an onner. Sundberg is a pinwer. Dematteo is an ointer. Grill is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the local reading, Dematteo, Sundberg, Grill, and Beegle met. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:774
Stock is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Terpstra is an ointer. Mantz is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Aikens is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Terpstra, Stock, Mantz, and Aikens met at the boardwalk arcade. There is a lot of space to play games here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:775
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Clow is a motaswer. Woodell is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Whitlow is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Miyashiro is an oterer. At the archery class, Woodell, Clow, Whitlow, and Miyashiro ran into each other. Classes are well organized. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:776
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kerner is a gladiower. Lasher is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Shuck is a quarancer. Gelinas is an orgemier. At the food co-op, Kerner, Lasher, Shuck, and Gelinas connected. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:777
Watts is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Mintz is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bedgood is a jogunder. Gauger is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the wedding, Watts, Gauger, Bedgood, and Mintz met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:778
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Dauer is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Fleisher is a pinwer. Bunting is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Metzger is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the subway, Fleisher, Dauer, Bunting, and Metzger started a conversation. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:779
Haught is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Clanton is a spacter. Rybak is an oterer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Fulk is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the specialty retail store, Rybak, Fulk, Haught, and Clanton met. Markets are usually crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:780
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hitt is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Guida is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mojica is a spacter. Kettner is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the volunteer work, Guida, Hitt, Kettner, and Mojica connected. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. Ze reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:781
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Brazeal is a fangher. Begley is a motaswer. Baas is an oterer. Castello is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the local reading, Begley, Brazeal, Castello, and Baas met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:782
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Schrader is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Leverette is an ointer. Kear is an onner. Leatherwood is a spacter. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the wine tasting, Leverette, Leatherwood, Kear, and Schrader ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:783
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hamman is an orgemier. Mcree is an ointer. Wenner is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Grund is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the specialty retail store, Mcree, Wenner, Grund, and Hamman ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:784
Burruss is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mciver is a jesher. Kinkel is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Brawn is a fangher. At the birthday party, Brawn, Burruss, Mciver, and Kinkel ran into each other. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:785
Perna is a mornisdeiver. Dugas is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Schulze is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hird is a turper. At the carpool, Dugas, Schulze, Hird, and Perna ran into each other. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:786
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Fortier is a motaswer. Cueva is an onner. Bachelder is an oterer. Hoadley is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the networking event, Cueva, Fortier, Bachelder, and Hoadley met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:787
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcalpine is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Fortney is a dymer. Dinkins is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Friesen is a quarancer. At the wine tasting, Dinkins, Fortney, Mcalpine, and Friesen started a conversation. The place is nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:788
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hoar is a gladiower. Bush is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Chatterjee is an oterer. Church is a dymer. At the theme park, Hoar, Bush, Church, and Chatterjee met. The park is good. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:789
Lally is a fangher. Clanton is an intensier. Galicia is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mallon is a patalcer. Galicia, Clanton, Lally, and Mallon met at the wedding. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:790
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Moreira is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Eaton is a cluker. Nowak is a jesher. Ranson is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beer making classes, Nowak, Ranson, Eaton, and Moreira started a conversation. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:791
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Migliaccio is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hummer is a pinwer. Marcano is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Porto is an orgemier. At the yoga class, Marcano, Hummer, Porto, and Migliaccio started a conversation. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:792
Hallinan is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Sealy is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Egger is a fangher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Laska is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the yoga class, Egger, Sealy, Laska, and Hallinan ran into each other. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:793
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Rubenstein is a jesher. Rahn is an onner. Retzlaff is a ceeper. Coto is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the wedding, Coto, Rahn, Retzlaff, and Rubenstein ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:794
Modica is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Aschenbrenner is a pinwer. Gustafson is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Vanderwall is a dymer. At the poolside event, Aschenbrenner, Gustafson, Modica, and Vanderwall started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:795
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kincheloe is a fangher. Blagg is a ceeper. Pinney is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gibney is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the wedding, Gibney, Blagg, Kincheloe, and Pinney ran into each other. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:796
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Suazo is a mornisdeiver. Montano is a dymer. Sabo is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Summey is a cluker. At the networking event, Suazo, Montano, Sabo, and Summey ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:797
Newhall is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Marsh is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Adamczyk is an oterer. Forester is an onner. At the theater festival, Adamczyk, Newhall, Forester, and Marsh started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:798
Gassaway is an oterer. Hause is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Daddario is a cluker. Littleton is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the high intensity class, Littleton, Hause, Gassaway, and Daddario started a conversation. The classes usually begin before work. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:799
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Blagg is a motaswer. Mulcahy is an ointer. Naples is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Johansen is a patalcer. At the subway, Blagg, Johansen, Naples, and Mulcahy ran into each other. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:800
Metoyer is a spacter. Odle is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Olander is a turper. Pitre is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the wedding, Pitre, Olander, Metoyer, and Odle met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:801
Geis is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tolar is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Langworthy is an ointer. Omeara is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the museum, Geis, Langworthy, Tolar, and Omeara met. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:802
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Zajac is an intensier. Stamps is a patalcer. Oregel is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sequeira is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the music and art festival, Zajac, Stamps, Sequeira, and Oregel connected. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:803
Arens is a spacter. Freshour is a fangher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Elkins is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Creekmore is a wenbumber. At the local talk, Elkins, Creekmore, Freshour, and Arens started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:804
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Evert is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Creekmore is a mornisdeiver. Farquharson is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hands is a jesher. At the car show, Hands, Creekmore, Evert, and Farquharson started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:805
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Edlund is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Donlon is a patalcer. Galdamez is a ceeper. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wah is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the specialty retail store, Galdamez, Donlon, Wah, and Edlund met. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. They reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:806
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Harewood is a gladiower. Marburger is an intensier. Younker is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Brogden is a motaswer. At the boardwalk arcade, Brogden, Harewood, Marburger, and Younker ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:807
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Caplinger is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kittredge is a patalcer. Choice is a spacter. Rios is a fangher. Rios, Caplinger, Choice, and Kittredge met at the beer making classes. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:808
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Meldrum is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Culbertson is a spacter. Fletes is a motaswer. Weiser is a quarancer. At the cooking class, Meldrum, Culbertson, Weiser, and Fletes met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:809
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Balcom is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gamez is a jogunder. Mannino is a gladiower. Tolar is an ointer. Mannino, Gamez, Balcom, and Tolar met at the street fair. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:810
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Baillargeon is a dymer. Bolt is a jogunder. Nygaard is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Hacker is an ointer. Nygaard, Bolt, Hacker, and Baillargeon met at the local talk. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:811
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Morrisey is a spacter. Mastroianni is a cluker. Macdougall is an intensier. Pigott is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the yoga studio, Mastroianni, Macdougall, Morrisey, and Pigott connected. Yoga is best done in silence. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:812
Polson is a dymer. Morrisey is a jesher. Aller is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lemoine is an ointer. At the food co-op, Aller, Morrisey, Lemoine, and Polson connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:813
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Sayre is an intensier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Marks is a wenbumber. Brunswick is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Brutus is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Brutus, Sayre, Marks, and Brunswick met at the subway. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:814
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Privett is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Barranco is a dymer. Yohe is a jogunder. Kiehl is a wenbumber. Yohe, Kiehl, Privett, and Barranco met at the museum. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:815
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Skelley is a turper. Delrosario is a ceeper. Kopp is an oterer. Baxley is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the private club, Delrosario, Kopp, Skelley, and Baxley ran into each other. The beer is excellent. Ze reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:816
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gaspard is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Brickey is a dymer. Giglio is a gladiower. Vachon is a quarancer. Vachon, Giglio, Gaspard, and Brickey met at the charity run. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:817
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Eckenrode is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Patenaude is a dymer. Glick is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hennen is a pinwer. At the yoga class, Eckenrode, Hennen, Patenaude, and Glick started a conversation. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:818
Goudreau is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Murawski is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Dargan is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ingle is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dargan, Murawski, Goudreau, and Ingle met at the networking event. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:819
Barnwell is an orgemier. Mccurry is a gladiower. Suhr is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rines is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the beer making classes, Suhr, Barnwell, Mccurry, and Rines met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:820
Copes is a patalcer. Schiltz is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Arvidson is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Fortson is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the museum, Fortson, Copes, Schiltz, and Arvidson met. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:821
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lockett is an orgemier. Hinton is an oterer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Service is a jogunder. Loos is an ointer. At the high intensity class, Hinton, Lockett, Service, and Loos ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:822
Munsey is a jesher. Mckey is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bonomo is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hom is a quarancer. At the comic book expo, Hom, Munsey, Mckey, and Bonomo started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:823
Gledhill is a jogunder. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Landrum is a dymer. Weight is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Dimatteo is a turper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the yoga class, Weight, Landrum, Gledhill, and Dimatteo started a conversation. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:824
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Rickett is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bischoff is a spacter. Litteral is a gladiower. Jeanbaptiste is an intensier. At the volunteer work, Rickett, Bischoff, Jeanbaptiste, and Litteral ran into each other. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:825
Maupin is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Goodell is an ointer. Egner is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Carle is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the cooking class, Carle, Maupin, Egner, and Goodell started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:826
Hambrick is a jesher. Uhler is a motaswer. Beavers is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Tellez is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the yoga studio, Tellez, Hambrick, Beavers, and Uhler ran into each other. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:827
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Talamantes is a cluker. Heinlein is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Markovich is an onner. Rascoe is an intensier. Talamantes, Markovich, Heinlein, and Rascoe met at the carpool. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:828
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Chenoweth is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Lafleur is an oterer. Ammann is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Farias is a motaswer. Ammann, Chenoweth, Farias, and Lafleur met at the boardwalk arcade. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:829
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Everman is a spacter. Dewald is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Delangel is a wenbumber. Edelen is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Delangel, Dewald, Edelen, and Everman met at the wine tasting. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:830
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bolding is a gladiower. Heider is a spacter. Woolard is a motaswer. Mollica is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mollica, Bolding, Heider, and Woolard met at the cooking class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:831
Mcdonell is a mornisdeiver. Bovee is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Vaca is a motaswer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Wanner is an oterer. At the theater festival, Mcdonell, Vaca, Wanner, and Bovee ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:832
Childress is a ceeper. Imel is a turper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Grossi is an orgemier. Meacham is an onner. At the archery class, Meacham, Imel, Childress, and Grossi started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:833
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Girod is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gale is a patalcer. Eggleston is a dymer. Brust is a jogunder. At the street fair, Girod, Eggleston, Gale, and Brust met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:834
Dinkel is a jesher. Briseno is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Ivers is an oterer. Socha is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the volunteer work, Briseno, Socha, Ivers, and Dinkel met. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:835
Lund is an oterer. Pai is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Schley is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bussell is an orgemier. At the private club, Pai, Bussell, Lund, and Schley started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:836
Kehoe is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bewley is an ointer. Hinderliter is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Boller is an oterer. At the birthday party, Bewley, Hinderliter, Boller, and Kehoe met. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:837
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ridenhour is a wenbumber. Plath is a turper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Burchell is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gilliam is an oterer. At the rideshare, Burchell, Plath, Ridenhour, and Gilliam connected. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:838
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wittig is a cluker. Mortimer is a pinwer. Stenger is a spacter. Mckernan is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Wittig, Mckernan, Stenger, and Mortimer met at the local reading. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:839
Entrekin is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Taub is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Falls is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wible is a fangher. At the theme park, Wible, Entrekin, Falls, and Taub met. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:840
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Jakubowski is a jesher. Plotkin is an onner. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pazmino is a turper. Hayman is a gladiower. At the library, Jakubowski, Hayman, Plotkin, and Pazmino started a conversation. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:841
Defelice is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Heckathorn is an ointer. Reinhard is a pinwer. Whitmore is an onner. Whitmore, Heckathorn, Reinhard, and Defelice met at the subway. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:842
Faison is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Morrisey is a patalcer. Nilsson is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mannion is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Morrisey, Mannion, Nilsson, and Faison met at the birthday party. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:843
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Schaller is an intensier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Engle is a gladiower. Clow is a pinwer. Mcmiller is a turper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the boardwalk arcade, Mcmiller, Engle, Clow, and Schaller connected. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. Ze reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:844
Ke is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Dimaria is a dymer. Rudnick is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Barrow is a pinwer. At the theme park, Rudnick, Dimaria, Ke, and Barrow connected. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:845
Bodkin is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Tarr is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Griswold is a motaswer. Waugh is a mornisdeiver. At the poolside event, Bodkin, Tarr, Griswold, and Waugh connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:846
Blaney is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Banegas is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Broach is a spacter. Spitler is a patalcer. At the wine tasting, Banegas, Broach, Spitler, and Blaney started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:847
Stettler is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Tomes is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dameron is a ceeper. Clouser is an intensier. Clouser, Dameron, Stettler, and Tomes met at the charity run. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:848
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Shook is an onner. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hastie is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dipalma is a turper. Hammett is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Dipalma, Hastie, Hammett, and Shook met at the specialty retail store. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:849
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Linker is an orgemier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mcghee is an ointer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Fidler is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Chaudhary is a dymer. At the school sports event, Fidler, Linker, Chaudhary, and Mcghee started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:850
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Timmerman is a quarancer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Woodcock is a gladiower. Spitler is a turper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Deschamps is an orgemier. At the library, Deschamps, Timmerman, Woodcock, and Spitler ran into each other. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:851
Hooley is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Zellmer is a wenbumber. Peppers is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kelch is a jogunder. At the boardwalk arcade, Kelch, Zellmer, Hooley, and Peppers ran into each other. There is plenty of food to eat here. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:852
Akhtar is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Joines is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hetrick is a mornisdeiver. Mccray is a motaswer. At the local reading, Hetrick, Mccray, Akhtar, and Joines connected. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:853
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rusher is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Tedford is a ceeper. Fleenor is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Chavira is a turper. At the music and art festival, Rusher, Chavira, Fleenor, and Tedford connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:854
Suydam is an ointer. Madrid is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Poplin is a turper. Leininger is a patalcer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the commuter bus, Suydam, Poplin, Madrid, and Leininger ran into each other. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:855
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Grado is a turper. Mccue is a pinwer. Privett is a mornisdeiver. Sanches is a spacter. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the market, Grado, Privett, Mccue, and Sanches ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:856
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Puebla is a jesher. Speth is a patalcer. Lollar is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Alcazar is an oterer. At the yoga class, Puebla, Alcazar, Speth, and Lollar started a conversation. The class starts with a warm - up session. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:857
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Piekarski is a mornisdeiver. Spiva is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Shearin is a gladiower. Borja is a quarancer. At the charity run, Borja, Shearin, Piekarski, and Spiva ran into each other. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:858
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Brake is an onner. Blanchette is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dermody is a quarancer. Mallon is a jesher. At the wedding, Dermody, Brake, Blanchette, and Mallon met. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:859
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Asselin is a dymer. Kimura is a turper. Stearns is a mornisdeiver. Haughey is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the market, Kimura, Haughey, Stearns, and Asselin met. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. Ey reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:860
Akins is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Belser is a dymer. Chupp is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gainey is a pinwer. At the street fair, Gainey, Belser, Akins, and Chupp ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:861
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Wunderlich is an ointer. Koshy is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Naugle is a mornisdeiver. Claxton is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Wunderlich, Koshy, Claxton, and Naugle met at the specialty retail store. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:862
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Meares is a gladiower. Fincham is a jesher. Aurand is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brafford is a dymer. At the carpool, Meares, Fincham, Brafford, and Aurand started a conversation. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:863
Mclellan is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Turnbow is a turper. Locascio is a spacter. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lefebvre is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the charity run, Locascio, Lefebvre, Mclellan, and Turnbow started a conversation. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:864
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Stroh is a motaswer. Lustig is a quarancer. Sensabaugh is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Sautter is a turper. At the networking event, Lustig, Sensabaugh, Sautter, and Stroh met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:865
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Morales is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cobos is a cluker. Rosenstein is an intensier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Fleetwood is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the networking event, Morales, Cobos, Rosenstein, and Fleetwood met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:866
Holston is an intensier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Lollar is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Froman is a dymer. Nilsson is a fangher. At the open mic night, Lollar, Holston, Froman, and Nilsson started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:867
Gilyard is a cluker. Cawthon is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Wyllie is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Schuman is an ointer. At the car show, Schuman, Wyllie, Gilyard, and Cawthon connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:868
Childress is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Fishburn is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Stover is a patalcer. Wilkinson is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the archery class, Wilkinson, Childress, Fishburn, and Stover ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:869
Hiebert is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Du is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Grandstaff is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Deveau is an oterer. Grandstaff, Hiebert, Deveau, and Du met at the theater festival. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:870
Mceachern is a spacter. Ober is an intensier. Schuller is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wines is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the archery class, Schuller, Wines, Mceachern, and Ober connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:871
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kearse is an orgemier. Kirkham is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Luciani is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Broach is a cluker. At the wedding, Luciani, Broach, Kearse, and Kirkham ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:872
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Landgraf is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kirkpatrick is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Turcios is an intensier. Henriques is a gladiower. At the music and art festival, Turcios, Henriques, Landgraf, and Kirkpatrick ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:873
Hixon is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mccracken is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Labrie is a mornisdeiver. Ortiz is an ointer. At the volunteer work, Labrie, Hixon, Ortiz, and Mccracken ran into each other. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:874
Cox is an orgemier. Dry is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Smiley is a turper. Kellum is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Cox, Dry, Smiley, and Kellum met at the beer making classes. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:875
Hollifield is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Sever is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lummus is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lecompte is an intensier. At the wedding, Hollifield, Lummus, Lecompte, and Sever connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:876
Dubey is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Zajac is a pinwer. Streit is a jogunder. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Steelman is a turper. At the wedding, Zajac, Streit, Dubey, and Steelman ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:877
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mayorga is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Laabs is an intensier. Bitner is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Theroux is a patalcer. At the boardwalk arcade, Laabs, Bitner, Mayorga, and Theroux ran into each other. There is a lot of space to play games here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:878
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Osborn is a turper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Carreon is an onner. Matos is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hadaway is a mornisdeiver. At the stadium, Osborn, Matos, Carreon, and Hadaway ran into each other. There is plenty of food to eat here. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:879
Bruning is a motaswer. Mcdade is a turper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pinon is a wenbumber. Stalder is a jogunder. At the volunteer work, Stalder, Mcdade, Pinon, and Bruning ran into each other. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:880
Weikel is a jesher. Kimura is an orgemier. Cusack is an intensier. Rosenstein is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the cooking class, Cusack, Weikel, Rosenstein, and Kimura started a conversation. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:881
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Perales is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Yount is a fangher. Barbour is a ceeper. Sladek is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the charity run, Barbour, Yount, Sladek, and Perales connected. The weather is nice for games today. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:882
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Conroy is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Copple is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Haring is a pinwer. Gaunt is a fangher. At the private club, Haring, Conroy, Copple, and Gaunt ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:883
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Matos is a jesher. Sproul is a cluker. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Botsford is an onner. Gatica is a turper. Sproul, Gatica, Botsford, and Matos met at the music and art festival. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:884
Hicks is an intensier. Roop is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Matz is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Noakes is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the open mic night, Hicks, Noakes, Matz, and Roop connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:885
Younger is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bergquist is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Carty is a cluker. Scudder is a dymer. At the beer making classes, Carty, Bergquist, Scudder, and Younger met. The class is fun! He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:886
Slaven is an intensier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Melanson is a turper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Warnick is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Darrington is a fangher. At the wedding, Darrington, Slaven, Melanson, and Warnick started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:887
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Warnock is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kunkel is a fangher. Poulter is an ointer. Mixson is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mixson, Warnock, Poulter, and Kunkel met at the cooking class. Classes are well organized. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:888
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Goode is a pinwer. Vaillancourt is a patalcer. Michener is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Volkert is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the food co-op, Michener, Vaillancourt, Volkert, and Goode connected. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:889
Chery is a spacter. Hitt is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mowry is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Galicia is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the yoga class, Chery, Mowry, Hitt, and Galicia met. A yoga class helps live a happier life. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:890
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Buckingham is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Havard is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Engle is a mornisdeiver. Curlee is a gladiower. At the carpool, Engle, Curlee, Buckingham, and Havard met. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:891
Leeper is a spacter. Chesnut is a ceeper. Lucido is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mccollom is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the comic book expo, Lucido, Mccollom, Chesnut, and Leeper met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:892
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Scheck is an orgemier. Colmenares is a dymer. Gebhardt is an ointer. Hicks is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the museum, Colmenares, Scheck, Gebhardt, and Hicks started a conversation. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:893
Barranco is a turper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hartigan is a gladiower. Harewood is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hair is an oterer. At the stadium, Barranco, Hartigan, Hair, and Harewood ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:894
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Revilla is a dymer. Polizzi is a turper. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lack is an orgemier. Stowers is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the open mic night, Polizzi, Revilla, Lack, and Stowers started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:895
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hulbert is a wenbumber. Laflamme is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Flores is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sherk is a jesher. At the high intensity class, Sherk, Laflamme, Flores, and Hulbert met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ze told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:896
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Belcher is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Crochet is a dymer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rego is an intensier. Krom is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the carpool, Belcher, Crochet, Krom, and Rego connected. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:897
Beale is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Goll is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Pierrelouis is a wenbumber. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Brasel is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the commuter bus, Brasel, Goll, Beale, and Pierrelouis connected. The public transports are public. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:898
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Blau is an onner. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Deschamps is an intensier. Belz is a mornisdeiver. Arriola is an oterer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the food co-op, Belz, Arriola, Blau, and Deschamps connected. The food here is very tasty. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:899
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Taing is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gaynor is an onner. Baisley is an oterer. Whitely is a jogunder. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the yoga studio, Taing, Gaynor, Whitely, and Baisley ran into each other. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:900
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Wint is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Breeden is a jesher. Pearman is a quarancer. Ganz is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wint, Breeden, Ganz, and Pearman met at the food co-op. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:901
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Krall is an ointer. Jakes is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Newhouse is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Crumpton is a gladiower. At the car show, Jakes, Crumpton, Krall, and Newhouse started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:902
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Teer is an orgemier. Aylor is an ointer. Lezama is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcmillian is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mcmillian, Aylor, Lezama, and Teer met at the subway. Public transports are eco-friendly. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:903
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Chasse is a jogunder. Haskin is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Prindle is a dymer. Lambdin is a turper. At the subway, Prindle, Lambdin, Haskin, and Chasse connected. Public transports are easy to find. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:904
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Hord is a patalcer. Bushnell is a spacter. Caplan is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Esteves is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the beer making classes, Hord, Bushnell, Caplan, and Esteves connected. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:905
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mutchler is a cluker. Feng is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mclelland is a motaswer. Mccune is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the music and art festival, Mclelland, Mutchler, Mccune, and Feng connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:906
Vargas is a dymer. Janowski is a cluker. Lebeau is an oterer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Scheller is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the stadium, Vargas, Janowski, Lebeau, and Scheller ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:907
Palencia is a patalcer. Didonato is a wenbumber. Capobianco is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Licht is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the food co-op, Licht, Didonato, Palencia, and Capobianco ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:908
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Kimura is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Foret is a patalcer. Min is a wenbumber. Pajak is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the boardwalk arcade, Pajak, Foret, Min, and Kimura connected. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:909
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Wunderlich is an oterer. Vaught is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Marsh is a motaswer. Vaca is an ointer. At the archery class, Vaught, Vaca, Marsh, and Wunderlich met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:910
Mclemore is a jesher. Ament is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Kimbler is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bucklin is a pinwer. At the carpool, Mclemore, Ament, Bucklin, and Kimbler started a conversation. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:911
Stiltner is a mornisdeiver. Baumgarten is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Barnwell is a fangher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Michener is a dymer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the high intensity class, Barnwell, Michener, Baumgarten, and Stiltner ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:912
Cadle is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Medlock is a wenbumber. Bojorquez is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Backhaus is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the food festival, Bojorquez, Medlock, Cadle, and Backhaus ran into each other. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:913
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Griswold is an onner. Lombard is a fangher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Nobles is a ceeper. Acosta is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Griswold, Acosta, Lombard, and Nobles met at the subway. People have different schedules. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:914
Sande is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Felt is an orgemier. Furman is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cerra is a quarancer. At the commuter bus, Furman, Felt, Cerra, and Sande started a conversation. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:915
Kinsman is a dymer. Rote is a pinwer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Alvarenga is a turper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Robb is a ceeper. At the food co-op, Rote, Robb, Alvarenga, and Kinsman connected. The coffee cake is quite good. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:916
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Sheth is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hause is a jesher. Wardle is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mcknight is an ointer. At the garden, Sheth, Wardle, Mcknight, and Hause connected. The park is very peaceful. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:917
Engelmann is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Samaniego is a ceeper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcguinness is an onner. Earp is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the garden, Earp, Engelmann, Samaniego, and Mcguinness met. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:918
Prochaska is an ointer. Stangl is a spacter. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Mascorro is a mornisdeiver. Lovelady is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mascorro, Stangl, Prochaska, and Lovelady met at the private club. The drinks are served on time. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:919
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Twombly is a patalcer. Waterhouse is a mornisdeiver. Meiners is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Malo is a spacter. At the cooking class, Meiners, Waterhouse, Twombly, and Malo connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:920
Granados is a patalcer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Heng is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Greenwell is a spacter. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Winer is a dymer. Winer, Granados, Heng, and Greenwell met at the wedding. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:921
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tilton is a turper. Docherty is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Depalma is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kimura is a dymer. At the library, Depalma, Kimura, Tilton, and Docherty connected. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. They told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:922
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Stair is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Markwell is a spacter. Peoples is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Canty is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the birthday party, Markwell, Stair, Canty, and Peoples started a conversation. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:923
Sankar is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Leber is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Trevizo is an orgemier. Cockrum is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the garden, Leber, Sankar, Cockrum, and Trevizo started a conversation. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:924
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Randles is a quarancer. Millsaps is a cluker. Romer is a fangher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Pellot is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the birthday party, Millsaps, Pellot, Romer, and Randles ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:925
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Stiff is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Traub is a fangher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Waugh is a pinwer. Gresham is a cluker. At the garden, Gresham, Traub, Waugh, and Stiff ran into each other. The dogs here are lovely. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:926
Yung is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gilchrist is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Omeara is a gladiower. Lass is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the carpool, Gilchrist, Omeara, Lass, and Yung connected. The public buses are comfortable to ride. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:927
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pillsbury is a dymer. Esquer is a motaswer. Manor is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Stults is a turper. At the open mic night, Pillsbury, Stults, Esquer, and Manor met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:928
Archuleta is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Krall is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bonnette is a dymer. Gress is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the subway, Krall, Archuleta, Bonnette, and Gress ran into each other. The public transports are public. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:929
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Gainer is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Michener is a motaswer. Zeiger is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Gillan is a ceeper. Gainer, Zeiger, Gillan, and Michener met at the specialty retail store. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:930
Schuman is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Walsh is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Millwood is a pinwer. Mascorro is a jesher. At the library, Schuman, Mascorro, Walsh, and Millwood met. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:931
Royster is a spacter. Golla is an onner. Khalsa is a turper. Talbert is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the networking event, Talbert, Golla, Royster, and Khalsa met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:932
Hornbeck is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Haigler is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Forster is an ointer. Prater is a motaswer. At the school sports event, Forster, Haigler, Hornbeck, and Prater connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:933
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lujan is an onner. Shapiro is a spacter. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Geib is a dymer. Gholston is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the stadium, Geib, Gholston, Shapiro, and Lujan connected. There is a lot of other play places on the map. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:934
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Fleenor is a cluker. Goines is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mccrory is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Cerritos is an onner. At the comic book expo, Fleenor, Mccrory, Cerritos, and Goines started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:935
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Peralez is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Olesen is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dakin is a wenbumber. Nye is a dymer. At the theme park, Olesen, Dakin, Peralez, and Nye met. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:936
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Daw is a pinwer. Gaudreau is a cluker. Matzke is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bouffard is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the wine tasting, Matzke, Bouffard, Gaudreau, and Daw started a conversation. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:937
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Alcala is a jesher. Shetler is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Brummitt is an oterer. Donlon is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Brummitt, Shetler, Donlon, and Alcala met at the commuter bus. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:938
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Zurek is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Metz is a ceeper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Gandy is a motaswer. Ostlund is a gladiower. At the specialty retail store, Metz, Gandy, Ostlund, and Zurek met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:939
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bostick is a motaswer. Sommers is a jogunder. Barner is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Malec is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Sommers, Barner, Malec, and Bostick met at the beer making classes. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:940
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Breen is an onner. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Forsberg is a gladiower. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Phillippi is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Jarnagin is a cluker. At the commuter bus, Breen, Phillippi, Jarnagin, and Forsberg met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:941
Digirolamo is a patalcer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Burch is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Crowther is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Zito is a motaswer. At the specialty retail store, Crowther, Zito, Burch, and Digirolamo connected. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:942
Book is an ointer. Town is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mccracken is a dymer. Arteaga is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Town, Book, Arteaga, and Mccracken met at the market. Markets are full of surprises! They told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:943
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Volkert is a jesher. Plunkett is a spacter. Custer is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Horsey is a ceeper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the cooking class, Custer, Horsey, Volkert, and Plunkett connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:944
Gardener is a dymer. Emond is a gladiower. Bunce is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Nester is a jesher. Gardener, Nester, Bunce, and Emond met at the carpool. People have different schedules. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:945
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bigler is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Roa is a ceeper. Ratchford is a wenbumber. Dvorak is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the boardwalk arcade, Bigler, Roa, Ratchford, and Dvorak started a conversation. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:946
Haymon is a dymer. Holdridge is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Coble is an onner. Stalder is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Stalder, Coble, Haymon, and Holdridge met at the street fair. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:947
Tussey is an ointer. Owings is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mancino is an orgemier. Friesen is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the high intensity class, Tussey, Owings, Mancino, and Friesen started a conversation. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:948
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Koshy is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Rish is a pinwer. Jaggers is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bolivar is an onner. At the car show, Jaggers, Koshy, Bolivar, and Rish met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:949
Nease is a ceeper. Tarbell is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Belser is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Shead is a mornisdeiver. At the stadium, Belser, Nease, Tarbell, and Shead started a conversation. There is plenty of food to eat here. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:950
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Westbrook is a quarancer. Ou is a jesher. Woolridge is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Schuetz is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the yoga studio, Ou, Woolridge, Westbrook, and Schuetz met. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:951
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hands is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Cox is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Knighten is an onner. Rizo is a fangher. At the open mic night, Cox, Knighten, Hands, and Rizo connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:952
Kays is a gladiower. Caffrey is a dymer. Birmingham is an oterer. Byrns is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the rideshare, Birmingham, Kays, Byrns, and Caffrey met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:953
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Spillers is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Malecki is a cluker. Schirmer is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nakashima is an ointer. Malecki, Schirmer, Spillers, and Nakashima met at the beer making classes. Each session teaches a different theme. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:954
Bullard is a dymer. Rolfe is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Osburn is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Freitag is an ointer. At the archery class, Freitag, Osburn, Bullard, and Rolfe met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:955
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lay is a patalcer. Alderman is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Cabaniss is a motaswer. Sullens is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Cabaniss, Alderman, Sullens, and Lay met at the archery class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:956
Cromer is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rabb is an oterer. Barner is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Capellan is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Capellan, Rabb, Barner, and Cromer met at the theater festival. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:957
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Getman is a mornisdeiver. Land is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Abshire is a wenbumber. Steinkamp is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the school sports event, Getman, Abshire, Land, and Steinkamp started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:958
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Rinker is an ointer. Christenson is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Kicklighter is a dymer. Aberle is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the comic book expo, Aberle, Rinker, Christenson, and Kicklighter ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:959
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Menges is an onner. Domenech is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Diller is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Burnam is a motaswer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the museum, Diller, Menges, Domenech, and Burnam connected. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:960
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Wasielewski is a gladiower. Book is a spacter. Barraza is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Laury is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the networking event, Barraza, Book, Laury, and Wasielewski started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:961
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Menke is a jesher. Sanz is a fangher. Warford is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Mallari is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the food co-op, Warford, Menke, Sanz, and Mallari started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:962
Boyles is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bone is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Tapley is a patalcer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Jowers is a spacter. At the poolside event, Boyles, Jowers, Bone, and Tapley ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:963
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Felty is a cluker. Baumgartner is an orgemier. Koehl is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hollander is a dymer. At the high intensity class, Koehl, Baumgartner, Felty, and Hollander met. Each session teaches a different theme. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:964
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Degner is a patalcer. Looper is an oterer. Sangster is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Insley is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the wine tasting, Insley, Sangster, Looper, and Degner started a conversation. It is a cool place to hang out. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:965
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Sensabaugh is a jogunder. Knowles is a pinwer. Wessel is an oterer. Money is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the wine tasting, Sensabaugh, Wessel, Knowles, and Money started a conversation. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:966
Bohorquez is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Morrisey is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Stover is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ochs is a pinwer. At the music and art festival, Ochs, Stover, Morrisey, and Bohorquez met. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:967
Kearney is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Choice is a motaswer. Mckinnis is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Eastridge is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mckinnis, Eastridge, Choice, and Kearney met at the carpool. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:968
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Snowden is a cluker. Bibbs is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Corder is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mandell is a fangher. At the private club, Mandell, Snowden, Bibbs, and Corder met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:969
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Herdman is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Pittard is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Secor is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hsiao is a patalcer. At the specialty retail store, Hsiao, Pittard, Secor, and Herdman connected. The market is divided into sub-markets. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:970
Pietrzak is an orgemier. Lieber is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Brasel is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Eisenman is a gladiower. Pietrzak, Lieber, Brasel, and Eisenman met at the commuter bus. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:971
Shuttleworth is a ceeper. Hoy is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gainer is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Geier is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the museum, Geier, Hoy, Shuttleworth, and Gainer started a conversation. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:972
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Straub is an oterer. Marini is a motaswer. Rudnick is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Berliner is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the street fair, Rudnick, Straub, Berliner, and Marini started a conversation. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:973
Loos is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Axelrod is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bridgers is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Laing is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the comic book expo, Axelrod, Bridgers, Laing, and Loos ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:974
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Waterhouse is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Krall is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lucarelli is an ointer. Alejos is a spacter. Alejos, Waterhouse, Lucarelli, and Krall met at the high intensity class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:975
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Melanson is a mornisdeiver. Mcdonell is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Reger is an onner. Marburger is a fangher. Reger, Marburger, Mcdonell, and Melanson met at the yoga class. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:976
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gothard is a jogunder. Gasaway is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Yeoman is an oterer. Fujimoto is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the library, Gothard, Gasaway, Fujimoto, and Yeoman met. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:977
Heise is a patalcer. Stover is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Losee is a turper. Strandberg is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the food festival, Losee, Heise, Strandberg, and Stover met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:978
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Belli is a turper. Kuhns is a motaswer. Deblasio is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Salcedo is an orgemier. At the rideshare, Salcedo, Belli, Kuhns, and Deblasio ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:979
Shumaker is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Sproul is a pinwer. Smiley is a patalcer. Hollingshead is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beer making classes, Smiley, Sproul, Shumaker, and Hollingshead ran into each other. Classes teach new things every week. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:980
Kellum is a mornisdeiver. Sipe is a fangher. Borba is a patalcer. Sleeper is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the charity run, Sipe, Borba, Sleeper, and Kellum met. A lot of games have many different endings. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:981
Brazeal is an ointer. Crosswhite is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Cadiz is an onner. Pane is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Brazeal, Pane, Cadiz, and Crosswhite met at the rideshare. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:982
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Branham is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lindsley is a jesher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Closson is an onner. Kinkel is a quarancer. At the carpool, Kinkel, Branham, Closson, and Lindsley met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:983
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Molnar is an intensier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Vereen is a cluker. Mock is a dymer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Heng is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the food co-op, Mock, Heng, Molnar, and Vereen started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. Ze reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:984
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Onofre is an onner. Shuman is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Raiford is a ceeper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Clapp is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the wine tasting, Clapp, Onofre, Shuman, and Raiford started a conversation. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:985
Menchaca is an oterer. Migliaccio is a ceeper. Schmaltz is a cluker. Zastrow is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the volunteer work, Zastrow, Migliaccio, Menchaca, and Schmaltz ran into each other. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:986
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pennington is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Rumley is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Whorton is a pinwer. Applegate is a jesher. At the volunteer work, Pennington, Whorton, Rumley, and Applegate met. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:987
Kalinowski is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sams is a fangher. Villarreal is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Stuckey is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the cooking class, Sams, Stuckey, Villarreal, and Kalinowski ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:988
Depaul is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Cundiff is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bloomfield is a patalcer. Westra is a dymer. At the local reading, Westra, Bloomfield, Cundiff, and Depaul ran into each other. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:989
Gross is a fangher. Finegan is a patalcer. Bustos is an oterer. Revis is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Finegan, Revis, Bustos, and Gross met at the private club. The place was crowded. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:990
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lowrance is an onner. Gartrell is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Lazenby is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Farias is a patalcer. At the garden, Lazenby, Gartrell, Farias, and Lowrance connected. The park is very peaceful. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:991
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Vachon is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Montesdeoca is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cheeks is a patalcer. Byrnes is a ceeper. At the volunteer work, Montesdeoca, Cheeks, Byrnes, and Vachon ran into each other. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:992
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Hiltz is a motaswer. Money is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Wickersham is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Guyer is a ceeper. At the food co-op, Money, Hiltz, Guyer, and Wickersham ran into each other. The food here is very tasty. They reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:993
Mukherjee is a fangher. Andresen is a spacter. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Rathbun is a cluker. Schulte is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the beer making classes, Rathbun, Andresen, Mukherjee, and Schulte met. The class has interesting sessions. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:994
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Luebke is a jogunder. Roquemore is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Roush is an onner. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mosca is a pinwer. Mosca, Roush, Roquemore, and Luebke met at the birthday party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:995
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bostwick is a pinwer. Langworthy is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Stickles is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Stannard is a quarancer. At the yoga studio, Stickles, Langworthy, Stannard, and Bostwick met. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:996
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Borchers is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Talamantes is an ointer. Mucci is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Gress is a cluker. At the street fair, Gress, Mucci, Borchers, and Talamantes ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:997
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Galindez is a ceeper. Howley is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Cheatwood is a cluker. Bardwell is an ointer. At the volunteer work, Howley, Galindez, Cheatwood, and Bardwell met. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:998
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Camargo is a turper. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ravelo is a jesher. Casson is an intensier. Arp is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the theater festival, Camargo, Ravelo, Casson, and Arp met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:999
Gambrel is a quarancer. Varma is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Rosenau is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Risher is a spacter. At the archery class, Varma, Gambrel, Rosenau, and Risher connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1000
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kral is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Davila is a jogunder. Hennis is an orgemier. Manos is a quarancer. Hennis, Kral, Manos, and Davila met at the yoga studio. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1001
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Burnside is a quarancer. Sande is a wenbumber. Larock is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hysell is an ointer. At the street fair, Burnside, Hysell, Sande, and Larock ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1002
Sartain is a dymer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Castellano is a turper. Lockard is an onner. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ordaz is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the stadium, Castellano, Sartain, Ordaz, and Lockard connected. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1003
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lareau is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Burdge is a jogunder. Fishburn is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Ravelo is a turper. At the carpool, Burdge, Lareau, Ravelo, and Fishburn started a conversation. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1004
Arey is a quarancer. Mantooth is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Ruud is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Guimond is a pinwer. At the garden, Ruud, Guimond, Arey, and Mantooth met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1005
Kaltenbach is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Manzi is an onner. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Nisbet is a turper. Defelice is an oterer. Kaltenbach, Manzi, Nisbet, and Defelice met at the comic book expo. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1006
Potvin is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Barwick is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Royster is a fangher. Spina is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the open mic night, Barwick, Spina, Royster, and Potvin started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1007
Seigler is a pinwer. Diggs is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Renfro is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gipe is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the wine tasting, Seigler, Gipe, Renfro, and Diggs connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ey reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1008
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bivens is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dews is a mornisdeiver. Provencio is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Lonergan is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the museum, Lonergan, Provencio, Dews, and Bivens ran into each other. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1009
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Bolivar is an orgemier. Seelye is a mornisdeiver. Leak is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Odwyer is a spacter. At the museum, Odwyer, Seelye, Leak, and Bolivar met. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1010
Savarese is an ointer. Renninger is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Cahoon is a patalcer. Garrow is a quarancer. At the specialty retail store, Cahoon, Garrow, Savarese, and Renninger ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1011
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Rosenbaum is an orgemier. Byrnes is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Simonton is a motaswer. Rando is a cluker. At the garden, Simonton, Byrnes, Rando, and Rosenbaum ran into each other. The birds are wild and hungry! She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1012
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Tignor is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Wegner is a spacter. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Markarian is a dymer. Nauman is an oterer. At the commuter bus, Tignor, Markarian, Wegner, and Nauman ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1013
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Degennaro is a patalcer. Molinar is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Tingler is a ceeper. Smalls is an oterer. Degennaro, Smalls, Tingler, and Molinar met at the theme park. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1014
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Budge is an oterer. Silverstein is a wenbumber. Oconnell is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sharma is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the high intensity class, Oconnell, Sharma, Budge, and Silverstein connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1015
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cournoyer is an intensier. Swallow is an ointer. Lafountain is a wenbumber. Carlile is a ceeper. At the open mic night, Swallow, Cournoyer, Carlile, and Lafountain connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1016
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Crenshaw is a ceeper. Hollenbeck is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Delaune is a cluker. Ruppert is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the high intensity class, Crenshaw, Delaune, Hollenbeck, and Ruppert started a conversation. The class is extremely motivating. Ey told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1017
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Stroup is an ointer. Ybanez is a mornisdeiver. Tamura is a dymer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Wickman is a gladiower. At the music and art festival, Ybanez, Stroup, Wickman, and Tamura connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1018
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mead is a patalcer. Harkleroad is a fangher. Carty is a mornisdeiver. Glorioso is an onner. At the theater festival, Mead, Harkleroad, Glorioso, and Carty ran into each other. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1019
Cottingham is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Buitron is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bobo is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Glass is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the open mic night, Buitron, Glass, Bobo, and Cottingham met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1020
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Learn is a fangher. Westhoff is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Thomsen is a ceeper. Goldsby is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the car show, Goldsby, Learn, Westhoff, and Thomsen connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1021
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Whetstone is a cluker. Helfer is a wenbumber. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Buford is a mornisdeiver. Stallman is an oterer. Buford, Helfer, Whetstone, and Stallman met at the market. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1022
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Tuller is a mornisdeiver. Peele is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hornbuckle is an orgemier. Forward is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the school sports event, Forward, Tuller, Hornbuckle, and Peele met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1023
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Cogburn is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Hsiao is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Svendsen is an intensier. Cripe is an ointer. At the wine tasting, Svendsen, Hsiao, Cripe, and Cogburn connected. The beer is excellent. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1024
Spear is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Alberti is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Fralick is a jesher. Lasky is an oterer. At the theme park, Lasky, Spear, Fralick, and Alberti met. The dogs here are lovely. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1025
Rizk is a motaswer. Teer is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Worden is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Harp is a turper. Harp, Worden, Teer, and Rizk met at the wine tasting. The beer is excellent. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1026
Fugate is an oterer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Blakemore is an onner. Gowin is a quarancer. Keese is a motaswer. At the archery class, Keese, Blakemore, Fugate, and Gowin started a conversation. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1027
Guilford is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Buendia is a jogunder. Villavicencio is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mcclintock is an ointer. At the yoga class, Villavicencio, Mcclintock, Buendia, and Guilford connected. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1028
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ferrera is a gladiower. Mahaney is a fangher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Colligan is a dymer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Corrales is a spacter. At the comic book expo, Mahaney, Ferrera, Colligan, and Corrales met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1029
Barbera is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Crochet is a quarancer. States is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Pinkney is an onner. At the wine tasting, States, Barbera, Crochet, and Pinkney ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1030
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Heckler is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Houghton is a jesher. Gelman is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Vining is a mornisdeiver. At the boardwalk arcade, Heckler, Vining, Gelman, and Houghton met. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1031
Highland is a spacter. Moffat is an orgemier. Ito is a jogunder. Murga is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the food co-op, Murga, Highland, Ito, and Moffat ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1032
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Arvidson is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Schilling is a motaswer. Montano is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Tredway is a cluker. At the networking event, Arvidson, Montano, Schilling, and Tredway connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1033
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Withers is an orgemier. Chunn is an onner. Holter is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Whicker is a wenbumber. At the theater festival, Withers, Whicker, Chunn, and Holter started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1034
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Duffin is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Maharaj is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Migliore is a cluker. Oconner is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the charity run, Maharaj, Duffin, Migliore, and Oconner ran into each other. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1035
Mccune is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hagerman is an oterer. Boose is a pinwer. Newburn is a cluker. At the street fair, Hagerman, Mccune, Boose, and Newburn connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1036
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Jernigan is a dymer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Antunes is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Torrez is an intensier. Clouser is a jesher. At the charity run, Antunes, Clouser, Torrez, and Jernigan started a conversation. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1037
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Fink is a mornisdeiver. Mcalpine is a gladiower. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Hurtt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wegener is an onner. At the rideshare, Wegener, Mcalpine, Fink, and Hurtt met. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1038
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kleiner is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Silliman is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Freas is a fangher. Sawyers is a quarancer. At the networking event, Kleiner, Sawyers, Freas, and Silliman ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1039
Estep is a jesher. Loos is a pinwer. Heitmann is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Coppage is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the stadium, Coppage, Loos, Heitmann, and Estep ran into each other. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1040
Linehan is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Saylors is a ceeper. Bosse is a fangher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nosal is a patalcer. At the yoga studio, Saylors, Linehan, Nosal, and Bosse ran into each other. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1041
Keyes is a patalcer. Quillin is an orgemier. Devinney is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Whisler is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Keyes, Devinney, Whisler, and Quillin met at the open mic night. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1042
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Ridenhour is a turper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hawn is an onner. Spitler is a spacter. Durrant is a gladiower. Hawn, Durrant, Spitler, and Ridenhour met at the private club. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1043
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Vanslyke is a mornisdeiver. Channell is a patalcer. Haas is an orgemier. Estrada is an oterer. Haas, Estrada, Channell, and Vanslyke met at the stadium. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1044
Hui is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Laska is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hasley is a jesher. Zehnder is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hui, Laska, Zehnder, and Hasley met at the local reading. Book clubs help expand social circles. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1045
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wadley is a jogunder. Petersen is a dymer. Finkle is an intensier. Lavoie is a quarancer. At the yoga studio, Wadley, Petersen, Finkle, and Lavoie connected. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1046
Patel is a cluker. Kidwell is a jesher. Oconnell is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Wilmot is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the market, Oconnell, Wilmot, Kidwell, and Patel connected. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1047
Backer is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Medford is a jogunder. Tapp is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Sauceda is an orgemier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the commuter bus, Tapp, Backer, Sauceda, and Medford started a conversation. Public transports are affordable. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1048
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Means is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Beaupre is a mornisdeiver. Knudson is a quarancer. Ouzts is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Knudson, Means, Ouzts, and Beaupre met at the volunteer work. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1049
Rheaume is a jesher. Bracamontes is an oterer. Daubert is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Villarreal is a patalcer. At the boardwalk arcade, Daubert, Bracamontes, Villarreal, and Rheaume ran into each other. There is a lot of other play places on the map. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1050
Gaylor is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Rutt is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lacoste is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Kreger is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the networking event, Kreger, Gaylor, Rutt, and Lacoste ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1051
Joines is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Westberry is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Trombetta is an onner. Ostrowski is a motaswer. At the commuter bus, Trombetta, Ostrowski, Joines, and Westberry met. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1052
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Osborn is an ointer. Barnhouse is a dymer. Forster is a ceeper. Lundquist is an onner. Osborn, Barnhouse, Lundquist, and Forster met at the comic book expo. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1053
Gunnell is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gardella is a jogunder. Tineo is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Shinault is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gardella, Shinault, Tineo, and Gunnell met at the archery class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. They reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1054
Swoboda is a spacter. Barnes is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Nigh is an intensier. Bucklin is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the rideshare, Barnes, Swoboda, Nigh, and Bucklin started a conversation. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1055
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Vitek is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mraz is a jesher. Kammerer is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Bernier is a jogunder. At the music and art festival, Kammerer, Bernier, Mraz, and Vitek connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1056
Voorhees is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Gilchrist is a quarancer. Mcghee is a fangher. Coder is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the poolside event, Coder, Gilchrist, Voorhees, and Mcghee ran into each other. The event is still underway. Ey told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1057
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Shedd is a cluker. Chew is an onner. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Kong is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Tadros is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the networking event, Shedd, Tadros, Kong, and Chew started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1058
Harned is an oterer. Marten is a motaswer. Hendrickson is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Aguero is a turper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the food festival, Harned, Aguero, Hendrickson, and Marten ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1059
Mcmurry is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Cypher is a jogunder. Koester is a jesher. Lowrie is a wenbumber. At the music and art festival, Lowrie, Mcmurry, Cypher, and Koester ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1060
Heider is a motaswer. Lamm is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gramling is a jesher. Paschke is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the wedding, Lamm, Heider, Paschke, and Gramling met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1061
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gately is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Faught is a quarancer. Popescu is an orgemier. Strack is a fangher. At the wine tasting, Faught, Gately, Popescu, and Strack started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1062
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Karimi is a patalcer. Bobadilla is a dymer. Randazzo is an onner. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Dimartino is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the local talk, Karimi, Randazzo, Bobadilla, and Dimartino started a conversation. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1063
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Lesure is a mornisdeiver. Nehls is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Meek is a fangher. Koury is a quarancer. At the charity run, Nehls, Meek, Lesure, and Koury met. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1064
Carty is an intensier. Castillon is a jesher. Goudreau is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Tuthill is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the wedding, Goudreau, Tuthill, Carty, and Castillon ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1065
Hollinger is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Engstrom is an orgemier. Lauck is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Brune is a spacter. At the volunteer work, Lauck, Brune, Engstrom, and Hollinger ran into each other. Volunteering will bring confidence. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1066
Mckinnis is a patalcer. Boisvert is a wenbumber. Penna is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Harkey is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Boisvert, Penna, Mckinnis, and Harkey met at the rideshare. Public transports are eco-friendly. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1067
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Huth is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Haskin is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Curtin is a patalcer. Mcclay is a fangher. Mcclay, Curtin, Haskin, and Huth met at the yoga class. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1068
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bechtel is a ceeper. Acosta is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Brust is an ointer. Frerichs is an oterer. At the stadium, Acosta, Bechtel, Brust, and Frerichs met. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1069
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Melville is a fangher. Searfoss is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Arnette is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Danielson is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the food festival, Arnette, Melville, Danielson, and Searfoss ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1070
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Santilli is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Esquivel is a wenbumber. Alkire is an onner. Truex is a motaswer. At the street fair, Esquivel, Alkire, Truex, and Santilli connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1071
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Eddings is a pinwer. Strickler is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bluhm is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Arthurs is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the market, Eddings, Strickler, Arthurs, and Bluhm connected. The market is open to all genders and ages. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1072
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Pettus is an ointer. Bekele is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Godby is a mornisdeiver. Heitkamp is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the poolside event, Bekele, Pettus, Godby, and Heitkamp met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1073
Applewhite is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Stagg is an onner. Bissonnette is a cluker. Spear is an orgemier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the cooking class, Spear, Applewhite, Stagg, and Bissonnette met. This class has amazing outcomes. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1074
Tyndall is a ceeper. Thakur is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hiltz is an oterer. Hiner is a dymer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hiltz, Thakur, Hiner, and Tyndall met at the commuter bus. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1075
Stickley is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ceniceros is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Denson is a ceeper. Newberry is a turper. At the beer making classes, Denson, Ceniceros, Newberry, and Stickley started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1076
Facio is a dymer. Lafever is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Baltes is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Spradley is a mornisdeiver. At the theater festival, Lafever, Baltes, Facio, and Spradley ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1077
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Heras is a jogunder. Gallant is a jesher. Villacis is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Manahan is an onner. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the volunteer work, Villacis, Manahan, Gallant, and Heras started a conversation. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1078
Naidu is an oterer. Lippman is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gingrich is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Manus is a pinwer. Lippman, Naidu, Manus, and Gingrich met at the local talk. The event is free and open to all people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1079
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Goudreau is a turper. Beaird is a dymer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Beshears is an oterer. Rinker is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the museum, Beaird, Goudreau, Beshears, and Rinker met. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1080
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mccalla is a dymer. Pillsbury is an oterer. Girod is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hohmann is an onner. At the beer making classes, Pillsbury, Hohmann, Girod, and Mccalla started a conversation. Classes are well organized. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1081
Bartow is a cluker. Son is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mancini is a jesher. Rosenberry is a dymer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the open mic night, Bartow, Mancini, Son, and Rosenberry connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1082
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Wymer is an intensier. Glorioso is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Brackin is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Tindell is an ointer. Brackin, Glorioso, Tindell, and Wymer met at the stadium. A lot of games have many different endings. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1083
Newbury is a motaswer. Pita is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Boatner is a mornisdeiver. Cortina is a patalcer. At the yoga studio, Newbury, Cortina, Pita, and Boatner ran into each other. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1084
Banfield is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Dakin is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kroll is a spacter. Milam is a ceeper. At the yoga class, Milam, Banfield, Dakin, and Kroll started a conversation. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1085
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Nickerson is a patalcer. Rauch is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Woodell is a jogunder. Innis is a gladiower. At the food co-op, Woodell, Nickerson, Innis, and Rauch connected. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1086
Kiehl is a spacter. Pendleton is a quarancer. Ortuno is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Musgrave is an intensier. At the carpool, Kiehl, Ortuno, Pendleton, and Musgrave started a conversation. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1087
Pazmino is an intensier. Burger is a pinwer. Brake is an orgemier. Lagrone is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Burger, Brake, Lagrone, and Pazmino met at the food co-op. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1088
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Minder is a cluker. Shuler is a wenbumber. Tredway is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Glickman is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the market, Glickman, Minder, Shuler, and Tredway ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1089
Guffey is a pinwer. Rabideau is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Fentress is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Holle is a mornisdeiver. At the volunteer work, Guffey, Holle, Rabideau, and Fentress started a conversation. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1090
Panek is a ceeper. Padula is a cluker. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Sartain is a wenbumber. Wunderlich is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the carpool, Panek, Wunderlich, Sartain, and Padula met. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1091
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ronquillo is a gladiower. Randazzo is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hornyak is a pinwer. Charland is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the car show, Charland, Randazzo, Ronquillo, and Hornyak ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1092
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Calles is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Figgins is a spacter. Meehan is a ceeper. Olmedo is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the poolside event, Olmedo, Calles, Meehan, and Figgins ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1093
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Tyndall is an ointer. Fullerton is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Rutland is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mclemore is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the poolside event, Tyndall, Rutland, Mclemore, and Fullerton started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1094
Ungar is an onner. Carrasquillo is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Alderman is a spacter. Olmedo is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the theme park, Carrasquillo, Ungar, Alderman, and Olmedo started a conversation. The park is beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1095
Loyola is a fangher. Barillas is a pinwer. Hornsby is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Madore is a cluker. At the food co-op, Loyola, Barillas, Madore, and Hornsby ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1096
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Perezlopez is an ointer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Leanos is an oterer. Dakin is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Huang is a motaswer. At the food co-op, Huang, Dakin, Perezlopez, and Leanos connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1097
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Matos is a pinwer. Bunger is an intensier. Kushner is an onner. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Longworth is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the stadium, Longworth, Kushner, Matos, and Bunger connected. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1098
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Touchette is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Borman is a pinwer. Cribb is a quarancer. Thomsen is a gladiower. At the local talk, Thomsen, Cribb, Touchette, and Borman met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1099
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Creamer is a ceeper. Shu is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Grams is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mullen is an oterer. At the carpool, Mullen, Shu, Grams, and Creamer connected. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1100
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Lett is a motaswer. Belman is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ocasio is a fangher. Thornton is a wenbumber. At the comic book expo, Lett, Belman, Ocasio, and Thornton met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1101
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Crisman is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Uresti is a jesher. Eichler is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Rolfe is a fangher. At the car show, Rolfe, Crisman, Eichler, and Uresti started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1102
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Tavarez is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Solem is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Duby is a jesher. Dull is a motaswer. At the yoga studio, Duby, Tavarez, Dull, and Solem met. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1103
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Gammage is a gladiower. Zimmer is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hursey is an orgemier. Noriega is a spacter. At the private club, Zimmer, Gammage, Hursey, and Noriega connected. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1104
Kidwell is an intensier. Theus is a dymer. Rutland is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Gonser is an oterer. Kidwell, Gonser, Rutland, and Theus met at the cooking class. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1105
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Streit is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Parrett is a gladiower. Pentz is an ointer. Moua is a jogunder. At the food festival, Parrett, Moua, Pentz, and Streit started a conversation. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1106
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Springs is an orgemier. Bouton is a fangher. Catchings is an oterer. Pinkney is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the stadium, Pinkney, Springs, Bouton, and Catchings met. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1107
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Aller is a quarancer. Bugg is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ammann is a pinwer. Blaney is an onner. At the wedding, Bugg, Blaney, Aller, and Ammann started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1108
Kinkel is a dymer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Rubel is a fangher. Holle is a jogunder. Zamudio is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Rubel, Holle, Zamudio, and Kinkel met at the music and art festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1109
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Armenta is a mornisdeiver. Flynt is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Conroy is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hibbard is an intensier. At the volunteer work, Armenta, Conroy, Hibbard, and Flynt met. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1110
Urzua is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Jeffs is an onner. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Crooks is a dymer. Wendler is an oterer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the car show, Wendler, Crooks, Jeffs, and Urzua met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1111
Piel is a dymer. Wilbourn is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Then is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Facio is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the comic book expo, Facio, Piel, Wilbourn, and Then started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1112
Arena is a quarancer. Hopwood is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Azam is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kopec is a fangher. At the private club, Azam, Kopec, Arena, and Hopwood started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1113
Ribble is a fangher. Plotkin is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Pollitt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Belden is an ointer. At the garden, Pollitt, Belden, Ribble, and Plotkin met. The picnic line is very short in this park. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1114
Ryman is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Fricke is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Craighead is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Martini is a mornisdeiver. At the beer making classes, Fricke, Ryman, Martini, and Craighead started a conversation. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1115
Losoya is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Dunagan is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Squires is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ankney is a pinwer. At the street fair, Ankney, Dunagan, Losoya, and Squires met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1116
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Wendler is an oterer. Alvord is a dymer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Rabago is a turper. Mireles is a gladiower. At the theater festival, Mireles, Wendler, Rabago, and Alvord connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1117
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Close is a spacter. Leyden is a mornisdeiver. Penson is a cluker. Blakney is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the subway, Close, Leyden, Blakney, and Penson met. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1118
Zastrow is a ceeper. Mccrory is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Joiner is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Winship is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the wedding, Mccrory, Joiner, Zastrow, and Winship ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1119
Blakeney is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mcbryde is an onner. Raff is a ceeper. Ledesma is an orgemier. Mcbryde, Ledesma, Blakeney, and Raff met at the school sports event. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1120
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hemingway is a gladiower. Sherburne is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Digby is an oterer. Flores is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the birthday party, Hemingway, Digby, Sherburne, and Flores met. The party is free entry for everyone. They reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1121
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Weinberg is a gladiower. Araujo is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Branstetter is an intensier. Warford is an orgemier. At the private club, Warford, Weinberg, Branstetter, and Araujo started a conversation. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1122
Barnwell is a gladiower. Sauder is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Crosswhite is a spacter. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Fish is a jogunder. Crosswhite, Fish, Sauder, and Barnwell met at the yoga class. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. They told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1123
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sale is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Silvernail is an orgemier. Monteith is a turper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Spiva is a ceeper. Silvernail, Monteith, Spiva, and Sale met at the comic book expo. A lot of people participate in these events! They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1124
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hemmer is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Cozart is a pinwer. Ates is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Depaz is a jogunder. At the subway, Depaz, Ates, Cozart, and Hemmer started a conversation. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1125
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kinslow is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Caulder is a ceeper. Kicklighter is a spacter. Mcelfresh is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the theme park, Kicklighter, Kinslow, Caulder, and Mcelfresh started a conversation. We have some nice white rabbits here too. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1126
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mcquade is a dymer. Krupp is a wenbumber. Moncada is a ceeper. Glancy is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the food festival, Moncada, Mcquade, Glancy, and Krupp connected. The event is still underway. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1127
Falco is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wilkerson is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Johansen is an onner. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Digby is an orgemier. At the carpool, Digby, Falco, Wilkerson, and Johansen met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1128
Almeida is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mattice is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Culver is an ointer. Gent is a ceeper. At the library, Almeida, Culver, Gent, and Mattice started a conversation. There are ways to find the great websites out there. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1129
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Kinkel is an oterer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Killebrew is a jogunder. Delaune is a jesher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Fleener is an onner. At the boardwalk arcade, Delaune, Fleener, Kinkel, and Killebrew met. There are some good options for food too. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1130
Bernhardt is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bustamante is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Guevarra is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Rounds is an oterer. At the garden, Guevarra, Bernhardt, Bustamante, and Rounds met. The park has a running track. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1131
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Eitel is a quarancer. Kirkham is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mounce is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Villavicencio is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the networking event, Kirkham, Mounce, Villavicencio, and Eitel connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1132
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kahn is a turper. Loew is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bohannan is a fangher. Sweat is an oterer. At the private club, Bohannan, Sweat, Kahn, and Loew connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1133
Onorato is a motaswer. Kovacs is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Vilchis is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sankar is an orgemier. At the garden, Sankar, Kovacs, Onorato, and Vilchis met. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1134
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Beem is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mook is a quarancer. Savage is a ceeper. Beaudette is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Beaudette, Beem, Mook, and Savage met at the stadium. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1135
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Culberson is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lint is an intensier. Arcuri is an onner. Demeo is an orgemier. Lint, Arcuri, Demeo, and Culberson met at the private club. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1136
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Sawyers is a jogunder. Gullion is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mahaney is a wenbumber. Laguerre is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the street fair, Laguerre, Mahaney, Sawyers, and Gullion started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1137
Spade is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kratzer is a patalcer. Meeker is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Montesdeoca is a fangher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the wedding, Montesdeoca, Kratzer, Spade, and Meeker started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1138
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Banerjee is a mornisdeiver. Beckford is a ceeper. Enfinger is an onner. Bashaw is a dymer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the theater festival, Enfinger, Bashaw, Banerjee, and Beckford met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1139
Gerardi is a pinwer. Fleeman is a jogunder. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Purdy is an onner. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bartolome is an intensier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the rideshare, Purdy, Gerardi, Fleeman, and Bartolome connected. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1140
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Rathbun is a mornisdeiver. Lafontaine is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Buscemi is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Johansen is an orgemier. Rathbun, Buscemi, Johansen, and Lafontaine met at the food festival. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1141
Hafner is a turper. Roop is a wenbumber. Pentz is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gooden is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Pentz, Hafner, Gooden, and Roop met. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1142
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Crenshaw is an oterer. Dees is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Nagy is a cluker. Totten is a quarancer. At the private club, Nagy, Crenshaw, Dees, and Totten ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1143
File is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Duffin is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Alarcon is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Nardi is a spacter. At the school sports event, File, Alarcon, Duffin, and Nardi met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1144
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Eisenhauer is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Heppner is a pinwer. Mccaulley is a mornisdeiver. Lefebvre is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Heppner, Lefebvre, Mccaulley, and Eisenhauer met at the market. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1145
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hardesty is a gladiower. Benford is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wallen is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Blakney is an intensier. At the commuter bus, Benford, Hardesty, Blakney, and Wallen ran into each other. Public transports are affordable. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1146
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lunn is a fangher. Dall is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Reger is a cluker. Akins is a dymer. At the high intensity class, Akins, Lunn, Dall, and Reger connected. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1147
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Cranfill is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Porche is an intensier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Guenther is an ointer. Kirkman is an onner. At the street fair, Guenther, Cranfill, Porche, and Kirkman connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1148
Gallaway is a cluker. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hornyak is a pinwer. Vanalstine is a fangher. Soares is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the local reading, Vanalstine, Soares, Gallaway, and Hornyak ran into each other. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1149
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Claxton is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Guimond is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Alves is a dymer. Lomas is a gladiower. At the street fair, Lomas, Alves, Claxton, and Guimond ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1150
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Weikel is a spacter. Aggarwal is a pinwer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Summa is an onner. Debolt is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the charity run, Aggarwal, Debolt, Summa, and Weikel ran into each other. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1151
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Heredia is a cluker. Alvarado is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Lawyer is an orgemier. Moores is a gladiower. At the school sports event, Moores, Heredia, Lawyer, and Alvarado met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1152
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lajoie is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cabaniss is a fangher. Hood is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Knights is an orgemier. At the rideshare, Knights, Hood, Lajoie, and Cabaniss ran into each other. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. They reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1153
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Ecker is a cluker. Pettry is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Drum is a turper. Mccoll is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mccoll, Ecker, Pettry, and Drum met at the cooking class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1154
Littlefield is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Batiste is a jogunder. Meaney is a jesher. Wagstaff is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the food festival, Littlefield, Wagstaff, Batiste, and Meaney ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1155
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcentire is a fangher. Bjerke is a ceeper. Bettis is a cluker. Spohn is an onner. At the rideshare, Spohn, Bjerke, Bettis, and Mcentire ran into each other. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1156
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Heckel is a cluker. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dewald is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gimenez is a patalcer. Ansell is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Dewald, Ansell, Heckel, and Gimenez met at the theme park. The park is beautiful. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1157
Rolfe is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Phelps is a motaswer. Beebe is an ointer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Meacham is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the stadium, Beebe, Meacham, Phelps, and Rolfe met. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1158
Verner is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Brummer is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wolcott is a ceeper. Monsen is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Brummer, Wolcott, Verner, and Monsen met at the wedding. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1159
Curd is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Tebo is a fangher. Belden is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Barner is a cluker. Barner, Belden, Tebo, and Curd met at the private club. The drinks are served on time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1160
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Stuckey is a quarancer. Wanner is an ointer. Maffei is a spacter. Singley is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the local talk, Wanner, Singley, Stuckey, and Maffei started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1161
Hole is an onner. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Estrada is a jogunder. Manos is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Averill is a spacter. At the street fair, Estrada, Manos, Hole, and Averill started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1162
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Messenger is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Beebe is a patalcer. Smits is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Modica is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Beebe, Messenger, Modica, and Smits met at the specialty retail store. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1163
Minton is a patalcer. Benoit is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Bragg is an onner. Morano is a mornisdeiver. At the theme park, Minton, Morano, Benoit, and Bragg met. The park has many plants and flowers. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1164
Pullman is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rozell is a wenbumber. Timmer is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Pinon is an orgemier. At the museum, Rozell, Pullman, Timmer, and Pinon ran into each other. Museums are great places to learn about culture. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1165
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mclemore is an ointer. Hartsell is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Glazer is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Mullett is a turper. At the theme park, Glazer, Mclemore, Mullett, and Hartsell started a conversation. We have some nice white rabbits here too. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1166
Livengood is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kettner is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Otero is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Vetter is a quarancer. At the poolside event, Vetter, Livengood, Kettner, and Otero ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1167
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Brunet is an orgemier. Burner is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Grieco is a gladiower. Westhoff is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the theme park, Westhoff, Burner, Brunet, and Grieco started a conversation. We have some nice white rabbits here too. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1168
Hendon is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Holleran is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Costantino is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Chiles is a patalcer. At the boardwalk arcade, Holleran, Costantino, Hendon, and Chiles met. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1169
Kreger is a jogunder. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lafontaine is a ceeper. Guinn is a dymer. Gans is an onner. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lafontaine, Guinn, Kreger, and Gans met at the library. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1170
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Artiaga is a jogunder. Falcone is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Kovacs is a mornisdeiver. Badeaux is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the open mic night, Artiaga, Badeaux, Kovacs, and Falcone started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1171
Guo is a wenbumber. Celestin is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Caplinger is an intensier. Stovall is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the library, Celestin, Caplinger, Stovall, and Guo met. Book clubs help expand social circles. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1172
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Perlman is a patalcer. Easterwood is a wenbumber. Eckles is an onner. Parshall is a mornisdeiver. At the comic book expo, Eckles, Perlman, Easterwood, and Parshall ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1173
Matta is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Flock is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Adame is an oterer. Beavers is a mornisdeiver. At the music and art festival, Beavers, Flock, Matta, and Adame started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1174
Pullman is a quarancer. Elsner is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Shinault is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hawn is a pinwer. Shinault, Pullman, Elsner, and Hawn met at the boardwalk arcade. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1175
Vining is a patalcer. Town is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Koerner is a quarancer. Osornio is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the wedding, Town, Osornio, Koerner, and Vining started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1176
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Goin is an onner. Sechrist is a quarancer. Chojnacki is a turper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mebane is a patalcer. At the high intensity class, Goin, Mebane, Chojnacki, and Sechrist met. It's a huge place! She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1177
Naranjo is a mornisdeiver. Lobb is a fangher. Ragusa is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Gilchrist is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Naranjo, Gilchrist, Ragusa, and Lobb met at the archery class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1178
Caffrey is a turper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Broder is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Penick is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Dewald is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the theme park, Broder, Caffrey, Dewald, and Penick started a conversation. The water is very good and clean. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1179
Hellman is a jogunder. Littleton is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Dilorenzo is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Herr is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the food co-op, Herr, Dilorenzo, Littleton, and Hellman connected. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1180
Folger is an onner. Stallworth is an intensier. Huezo is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Blinn is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the theater festival, Huezo, Blinn, Folger, and Stallworth started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1181
Schimmel is a mornisdeiver. Hussey is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Entrekin is a fangher. Horvath is an ointer. At the poolside event, Entrekin, Schimmel, Hussey, and Horvath connected. It is open to the public. They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1182
Hook is an ointer. Mcnerney is a turper. Mayse is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cordova is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hook, Mayse, Mcnerney, and Cordova met at the rideshare. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1183
Keim is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Ku is a wenbumber. Laguerre is a motaswer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tyndall is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the garden, Tyndall, Laguerre, Ku, and Keim ran into each other. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1184
Krieger is a wenbumber. Backman is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Yarber is a mornisdeiver. Loman is a turper. At the car show, Backman, Yarber, Loman, and Krieger connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1185
Minjarez is a gladiower. Thomson is a cluker. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Minter is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bona is an oterer. At the volunteer work, Thomson, Bona, Minjarez, and Minter met. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1186
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Teel is an intensier. Watford is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rasberry is a pinwer. Countryman is a cluker. Watford, Teel, Rasberry, and Countryman met at the volunteer work. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1187
Lemoine is an orgemier. Estep is a fangher. Borer is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mancino is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lemoine, Mancino, Estep, and Borer met at the yoga class. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1188
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hurtt is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Espada is an ointer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Tindell is a pinwer. Altizer is an orgemier. At the theater festival, Altizer, Hurtt, Tindell, and Espada connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1189
Desautels is a turper. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bracy is a jogunder. Slaven is an orgemier. Musgrave is an intensier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the school sports event, Slaven, Musgrave, Desautels, and Bracy met. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1190
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Spratt is a motaswer. Oconner is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Spradley is a turper. Samuelson is a wenbumber. At the specialty retail store, Spratt, Spradley, Oconner, and Samuelson met. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1191
Farrington is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hoy is a dymer. Pita is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Kilgore is a fangher. At the yoga studio, Hoy, Farrington, Kilgore, and Pita started a conversation. The class starts with a warm - up session. Ey reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1192
Baumgartner is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Lieberman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Farina is an onner. Plotkin is a patalcer. At the cooking class, Lieberman, Farina, Baumgartner, and Plotkin met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1193
Lesage is an oterer. Almond is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Peifer is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Stanko is a gladiower. At the rideshare, Stanko, Almond, Peifer, and Lesage connected. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1194
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hanlin is an intensier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Shetler is a quarancer. Pineiro is a gladiower. Frasure is a fangher. At the beer making classes, Pineiro, Frasure, Shetler, and Hanlin ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1195
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Orchard is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Salguero is a quarancer. Demaio is a motaswer. Matsumoto is a wenbumber. At the beer making classes, Orchard, Matsumoto, Demaio, and Salguero started a conversation. The classes usually begin before work. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1196
Dinkel is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Kilbourne is a turper. Outlaw is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Heinlein is a patalcer. At the carpool, Outlaw, Kilbourne, Heinlein, and Dinkel connected. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1197
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Harjo is a wenbumber. Rauch is a spacter. Whitty is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Vanhouten is a jesher. Harjo, Rauch, Whitty, and Vanhouten met at the local reading. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1198
Ivester is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Rutherford is a fangher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Lay is a jesher. Mcpeek is a mornisdeiver. At the local talk, Mcpeek, Ivester, Lay, and Rutherford connected. The event is free and open to all people. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1199
Cundiff is a motaswer. Ivester is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Simonton is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Sherburne is a dymer. Sherburne, Ivester, Cundiff, and Simonton met at the private club. The atmosphere was nice. Ey reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1200
Cottingham is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Jolley is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Hittle is an onner. Remer is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Jolley, Cottingham, Hittle, and Remer met at the market. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1201
Shumaker is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Yoon is a pinwer. Moy is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Echevarria is a fangher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Echevarria, Moy, Shumaker, and Yoon met at the cooking class. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1202
Chmielewski is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Corns is a spacter. Phifer is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Fishel is a patalcer. At the private club, Fishel, Chmielewski, Corns, and Phifer started a conversation. The beer is excellent. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1203
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Edlund is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bartling is a dymer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Hewett is a wenbumber. Steffy is a spacter. At the school sports event, Hewett, Steffy, Edlund, and Bartling connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1204
Espy is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Montoya is a turper. Terpstra is a fangher. Meserve is a quarancer. At the boardwalk arcade, Montoya, Terpstra, Meserve, and Espy met. The games are a lot of fun. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1205
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Mabe is a motaswer. Avelar is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stiltner is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Rossignol is a fangher. At the food festival, Avelar, Rossignol, Stiltner, and Mabe ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1206
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pichardo is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kennington is a dymer. Countryman is a wenbumber. Cundiff is an ointer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pichardo, Kennington, Cundiff, and Countryman met at the wine tasting. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1207
Narcisse is a wenbumber. Craddock is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Faherty is a patalcer. Stinnett is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the street fair, Narcisse, Stinnett, Faherty, and Craddock met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1208
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Millett is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Broadway is a cluker. Brambila is a dymer. Than is a ceeper. Millett, Than, Broadway, and Brambila met at the archery class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1209
Antunez is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mullens is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Dipalma is an ointer. Whitely is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the garden, Dipalma, Antunez, Mullens, and Whitely met. The park has a running track. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1210
Lotts is a turper. Pinales is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Nieman is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Escutia is a quarancer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the private club, Pinales, Lotts, Escutia, and Nieman ran into each other. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1211
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Sartori is a motaswer. Rezac is an intensier. Barbee is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Ybanez is a turper. At the yoga class, Rezac, Barbee, Sartori, and Ybanez started a conversation. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1212
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Alkire is an ointer. Draughn is a turper. Claxton is a jesher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Renninger is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the local talk, Draughn, Claxton, Alkire, and Renninger started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1213
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Worthey is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Amidon is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Deshields is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Porterfield is a jogunder. At the yoga class, Deshields, Worthey, Amidon, and Porterfield connected. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1214
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Symons is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Heckel is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Escalona is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Manzano is an ointer. Manzano, Escalona, Symons, and Heckel met at the open mic night. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1215
Searles is an oterer. Pazmino is a turper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Barillas is a ceeper. Hsiao is a pinwer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the commuter bus, Barillas, Searles, Hsiao, and Pazmino connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. They reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1216
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Limon is a dymer. Reger is a jogunder. Gardella is a mornisdeiver. Kirkpatrick is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gardella, Reger, Kirkpatrick, and Limon met at the specialty retail store. The market is divided into sub-markets. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1217
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Buie is a fangher. Heitmann is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Fryer is a jesher. Ellinger is an orgemier. At the rideshare, Heitmann, Buie, Fryer, and Ellinger connected. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. They reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1218
Pinkston is an oterer. Donoghue is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Pruett is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hoops is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the cooking class, Pruett, Hoops, Pinkston, and Donoghue met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1219
Arner is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Wegener is a motaswer. Fava is a patalcer. Jimenez is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the charity run, Fava, Wegener, Jimenez, and Arner connected. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1220
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Guffey is a mornisdeiver. Corbo is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Capuano is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Seidler is a motaswer. At the specialty retail store, Guffey, Capuano, Corbo, and Seidler met. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1221
Kennison is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Raff is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Arnette is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Reichert is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the street fair, Reichert, Raff, Kennison, and Arnette connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1222
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gress is an intensier. Hayward is a mornisdeiver. Taranto is a dymer. Samford is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the comic book expo, Hayward, Taranto, Gress, and Samford connected. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1223
Speth is a pinwer. Hose is a wenbumber. Rios is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Chauvin is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the poolside event, Hose, Chauvin, Speth, and Rios met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1224
Glasgow is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Bonnette is a dymer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Turk is a turper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Chirinos is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the private club, Chirinos, Bonnette, Glasgow, and Turk connected. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1225
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Cotter is a dymer. Waldner is an onner. Knauf is a mornisdeiver. Mcgee is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the music and art festival, Mcgee, Cotter, Waldner, and Knauf ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1226
Cressman is a dymer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ro is a turper. Volpe is a ceeper. Meinert is an onner. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the commuter bus, Cressman, Volpe, Meinert, and Ro connected. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. They told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1227
Ravelo is a patalcer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Zou is an onner. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Prout is a ceeper. Sydnor is an intensier. Sydnor, Prout, Zou, and Ravelo met at the food co-op. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1228
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Morales is a dymer. Searles is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ciaccio is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Zambrano is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the wedding, Zambrano, Morales, Ciaccio, and Searles met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1229
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Tarr is a jogunder. Twombly is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mcnamee is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Salvo is a spacter. At the beer making classes, Mcnamee, Salvo, Tarr, and Twombly ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1230
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Dant is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mangold is an onner. Kincheloe is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Halpern is an ointer. At the commuter bus, Mangold, Halpern, Kincheloe, and Dant ran into each other. Public transports are easy to find. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1231
Hawks is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Demeo is a ceeper. Petrick is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Calles is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the music and art festival, Petrick, Demeo, Hawks, and Calles ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ey reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1232
Southern is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Becerril is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Cozad is a turper. Arguello is a ceeper. At the beer making classes, Becerril, Southern, Cozad, and Arguello started a conversation. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ey reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1233
Carper is a quarancer. Friesen is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Tat is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hartsfield is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Tat, Friesen, Hartsfield, and Carper met at the carpool. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1234
Lundell is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Liguori is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mcelhaney is an onner. Gullickson is a jogunder. At the museum, Liguori, Mcelhaney, Gullickson, and Lundell ran into each other. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1235
Mcconville is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Roush is a ceeper. Burlison is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Turnbow is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the library, Mcconville, Turnbow, Burlison, and Roush started a conversation. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1236
Mcghee is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Barley is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Goss is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Salamon is an oterer. At the theater festival, Barley, Salamon, Goss, and Mcghee ran into each other. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1237
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Guo is an ointer. Mcnichols is a motaswer. Yeates is a patalcer. Diop is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the commuter bus, Mcnichols, Guo, Diop, and Yeates met. Public transports are affordable. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1238
Hohl is a cluker. Burch is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mastroianni is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Stiller is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mastroianni, Burch, Hohl, and Stiller met at the street fair. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1239
Scaife is a dymer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Falcone is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Gobert is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Fulk is a turper. At the library, Gobert, Falcone, Scaife, and Fulk ran into each other. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1240
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Tilton is a fangher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Carlucci is a dymer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Raglin is a ceeper. Mcfall is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the comic book expo, Mcfall, Tilton, Raglin, and Carlucci ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1241
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lowenstein is a mornisdeiver. Fujimoto is a turper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Judkins is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Sacco is an intensier. At the music and art festival, Fujimoto, Judkins, Sacco, and Lowenstein met. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1242
Tignor is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Damato is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pettus is an intensier. Matzke is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the charity run, Tignor, Damato, Pettus, and Matzke connected. The game can be interesting. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1243
Casco is a ceeper. Weissman is a gladiower. Bradburn is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Propst is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bradburn, Casco, Weissman, and Propst met at the museum. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1244
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Casson is a gladiower. Dumas is a patalcer. Ungar is a pinwer. Wedgeworth is a dymer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the specialty retail store, Dumas, Ungar, Casson, and Wedgeworth ran into each other. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1245
Ortegon is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Backer is a jesher. Alvarenga is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Sletten is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the poolside event, Ortegon, Alvarenga, Backer, and Sletten met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1246
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Whetstone is an ointer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tredway is a jesher. Pokorny is a dymer. Ghosh is an onner. Tredway, Pokorny, Ghosh, and Whetstone met at the private club. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1247
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Marshburn is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Radloff is an intensier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Manigault is a spacter. Boughton is a turper. At the high intensity class, Manigault, Marshburn, Boughton, and Radloff connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1248
Avellaneda is an onner. Harvill is a dymer. Sangster is a quarancer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Canale is a cluker. At the carpool, Sangster, Harvill, Avellaneda, and Canale started a conversation. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1249
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Linehan is a ceeper. Labrie is a jesher. Oh is a gladiower. Devries is a turper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the local talk, Oh, Linehan, Labrie, and Devries met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1250
Ju is an onner. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gerardi is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Nicolosi is a pinwer. Tovar is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the open mic night, Tovar, Ju, Nicolosi, and Gerardi connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1251
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Duffy is a motaswer. Odonnell is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Boutin is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Clasen is an intensier. At the boardwalk arcade, Clasen, Odonnell, Boutin, and Duffy connected. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1252
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Varela is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Witter is a jesher. Torchia is a patalcer. Spurlin is a cluker. At the wedding, Varela, Witter, Torchia, and Spurlin met. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1253
Mcree is an onner. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Laroche is an ointer. Egner is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Rather is a pinwer. Mcree, Rather, Laroche, and Egner met at the music and art festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1254
Rizo is a cluker. Forgey is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Shreve is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Dawley is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the high intensity class, Shreve, Rizo, Dawley, and Forgey ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1255
Burley is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Miceli is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Prinz is a patalcer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tow is a turper. At the specialty retail store, Prinz, Miceli, Burley, and Tow ran into each other. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1256
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Branstetter is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Earp is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Saine is a patalcer. Folger is a ceeper. At the food co-op, Folger, Saine, Branstetter, and Earp ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1257
Fidler is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Grimaldi is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Countryman is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Winsett is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Fidler, Grimaldi, Countryman, and Winsett met at the yoga studio. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. They reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1258
Montesinos is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Catlett is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Watts is an intensier. Trumble is a spacter. At the boardwalk arcade, Montesinos, Watts, Catlett, and Trumble started a conversation. A lot of games have many different endings. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1259
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Jemison is an orgemier. Severt is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Arneson is an oterer. Banerjee is a quarancer. At the carpool, Severt, Jemison, Arneson, and Banerjee ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1260
Barefoot is a wenbumber. Lister is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Shanley is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Barfield is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the comic book expo, Barfield, Barefoot, Shanley, and Lister started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1261
Pantano is a pinwer. Outlaw is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Brummer is a gladiower. Geis is an intensier. At the car show, Pantano, Geis, Outlaw, and Brummer met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1262
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hamon is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Spear is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Kinchen is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Boykins is a wenbumber. At the library, Hamon, Spear, Kinchen, and Boykins ran into each other. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1263
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Stanhope is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Severt is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Harned is a cluker. Strayer is an onner. At the open mic night, Strayer, Harned, Severt, and Stanhope started a conversation. It is open to the public. Ze reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1264
Bolivar is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Galiano is a wenbumber. Stokley is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Grasso is an intensier. At the street fair, Stokley, Bolivar, Galiano, and Grasso ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1265
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Aucoin is a motaswer. Brafford is a wenbumber. Flemings is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Waugh is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Brafford, Aucoin, Flemings, and Waugh met at the commuter bus. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1266
Whitlatch is a ceeper. Arneson is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Alberson is a wenbumber. Currie is a jogunder. At the local reading, Arneson, Alberson, Currie, and Whitlatch started a conversation. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1267
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tefft is a jesher. Brunswick is an ointer. Sutherlin is a pinwer. Runk is a dymer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the subway, Brunswick, Tefft, Runk, and Sutherlin connected. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1268
Hetherington is a quarancer. Llamas is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Zazueta is a motaswer. Colucci is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the music and art festival, Zazueta, Hetherington, Llamas, and Colucci ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1269
Mullett is a fangher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Longfellow is an oterer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Hartwig is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Eckart is a jesher. At the garden, Longfellow, Hartwig, Mullett, and Eckart connected. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1270
Garfias is an intensier. Lucido is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hopwood is a jogunder. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hicks is a turper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the garden, Garfias, Hicks, Lucido, and Hopwood connected. The park is very peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1271
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Parrett is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Schoenberg is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Tussey is a pinwer. Rife is an intensier. At the music and art festival, Rife, Schoenberg, Parrett, and Tussey met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1272
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hiltz is a quarancer. Thrall is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Quito is a patalcer. Mckain is a motaswer. At the open mic night, Quito, Hiltz, Thrall, and Mckain connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1273
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Welty is a ceeper. Schramm is an ointer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Narayanan is a jesher. Manos is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the rideshare, Welty, Manos, Schramm, and Narayanan connected. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1274
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcmorrow is a fangher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Twombly is a jesher. Blasko is an orgemier. Mote is a ceeper. Twombly, Blasko, Mote, and Mcmorrow met at the cooking class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1275
Vanscoy is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Stripling is a wenbumber. Liguori is a spacter. Roudebush is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the wedding, Stripling, Vanscoy, Liguori, and Roudebush met. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1276
Bodily is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Krehbiel is an onner. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Latimore is an orgemier. Glass is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the rideshare, Bodily, Latimore, Glass, and Krehbiel started a conversation. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1277
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Jolly is a turper. Prochaska is a fangher. Villines is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bunker is a jesher. At the theme park, Villines, Bunker, Prochaska, and Jolly met. The birds are wild and hungry! He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1278
Hames is a turper. Mcgeorge is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Felt is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Collis is a spacter. At the school sports event, Hames, Felt, Collis, and Mcgeorge ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1279
Baltz is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Ocegueda is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Eckstein is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ayres is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the subway, Ocegueda, Eckstein, Ayres, and Baltz met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1280
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Zabel is an ointer. Archambault is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Jeon is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Pena is a gladiower. At the yoga studio, Zabel, Pena, Archambault, and Jeon ran into each other. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. Ze reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1281
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Evert is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Taunton is a pinwer. Matz is an intensier. Crompton is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the rideshare, Evert, Crompton, Matz, and Taunton connected. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1282
Frazer is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Wilhoit is an intensier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Radcliffe is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Henton is a dymer. At the private club, Radcliffe, Wilhoit, Frazer, and Henton connected. The coffee cake is quite good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1283
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Sleeper is a cluker. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Holsey is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Shipley is a spacter. Foran is a dymer. Holsey, Foran, Shipley, and Sleeper met at the local reading. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1284
Kershaw is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Savage is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Breeding is a spacter. Hixon is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the open mic night, Hixon, Savage, Breeding, and Kershaw connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1285
Galaz is a turper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Parenti is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Nathanson is an ointer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Bunge is a cluker. Galaz, Nathanson, Parenti, and Bunge met at the garden. The birds are wild and hungry! She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1286
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kibbe is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Pollak is a quarancer. Foust is an intensier. Blose is an ointer. Foust, Kibbe, Blose, and Pollak met at the theme park. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1287
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Savage is a spacter. Kehr is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Cappiello is an orgemier. Holle is a pinwer. At the wine tasting, Holle, Cappiello, Savage, and Kehr met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1288
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mangino is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Esquibel is an oterer. Lumley is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Redford is a motaswer. At the local talk, Mangino, Redford, Lumley, and Esquibel connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1289
Gullickson is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Whitmore is a jesher. Sternberg is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Arneson is a pinwer. At the poolside event, Gullickson, Whitmore, Sternberg, and Arneson started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1290
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcdougal is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Slone is a spacter. Defelice is a dymer. Clothier is an oterer. At the food co-op, Defelice, Clothier, Mcdougal, and Slone met. The drinks are served on time. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1291
Mckie is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Tello is a turper. Soares is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Friedrichs is a motaswer. At the theme park, Soares, Friedrichs, Mckie, and Tello connected. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1292
Craighead is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Fricke is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Withers is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Breen is an intensier. At the networking event, Fricke, Craighead, Breen, and Withers connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1293
Orgeron is a pinwer. Dupont is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Almond is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Rocha is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the boardwalk arcade, Rocha, Dupont, Orgeron, and Almond started a conversation. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1294
Burch is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Liechty is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hardesty is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Clinger is a patalcer. At the open mic night, Hardesty, Liechty, Burch, and Clinger started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1295
Lesure is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Berberich is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Shearin is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Molinar is a ceeper. At the local talk, Molinar, Shearin, Lesure, and Berberich started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1296
Ankney is a jesher. Longmire is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hefley is a fangher. Sams is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the carpool, Ankney, Longmire, Hefley, and Sams met. Public transports are easy to find. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1297
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Cawthon is a dymer. Henninger is an ointer. Lint is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Digby is a patalcer. At the theater festival, Henninger, Cawthon, Digby, and Lint met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1298
Jolley is a spacter. Blum is a cluker. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Boyko is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bassham is a dymer. At the local talk, Boyko, Bassham, Jolley, and Blum started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1299
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Shorty is an intensier. Driskell is a mornisdeiver. Ro is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Sankar is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the food festival, Shorty, Sankar, Ro, and Driskell ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1300
Rink is a turper. Cevallos is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bent is a motaswer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Suarez is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the specialty retail store, Bent, Suarez, Cevallos, and Rink ran into each other. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1301
Grothe is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hopwood is a cluker. Czerwinski is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Miraglia is a wenbumber. At the music and art festival, Grothe, Czerwinski, Miraglia, and Hopwood met. A large number of people attend these events. They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1302
Renfro is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Worcester is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Dew is an ointer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Dittrich is a dymer. At the market, Renfro, Worcester, Dittrich, and Dew met. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1303
Fetterman is a dymer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Shetler is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Whitlatch is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Allende is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the stadium, Shetler, Whitlatch, Allende, and Fetterman met. The games are a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1304
Capellan is a jogunder. Glines is a jesher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Driggers is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brendle is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the carpool, Driggers, Capellan, Glines, and Brendle met. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. They reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1305
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Ogorman is a quarancer. Bloomfield is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Behrens is a spacter. Hartshorn is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Ogorman, Hartshorn, Behrens, and Bloomfield met at the garden. The park is good. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1306
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Haigler is a jesher. Lafontaine is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Corr is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Peeples is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the food festival, Haigler, Corr, Peeples, and Lafontaine ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1307
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Ferrier is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Salvo is a mornisdeiver. Manigault is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rahn is a jesher. At the stadium, Ferrier, Rahn, Manigault, and Salvo ran into each other. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1308
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hughley is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Almeda is a quarancer. Palmatier is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ivanov is a gladiower. At the local reading, Hughley, Ivanov, Almeda, and Palmatier ran into each other. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1309
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Villalpando is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Morquecho is an ointer. Stoker is a turper. Quiles is a motaswer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the wedding, Quiles, Stoker, Villalpando, and Morquecho ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1310
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Stefanski is a motaswer. Maisonet is a turper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Brasel is a gladiower. Leday is a patalcer. At the cooking class, Stefanski, Brasel, Leday, and Maisonet connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1311
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Panek is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hanlon is a patalcer. Lauck is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Schwab is a fangher. At the music and art festival, Hanlon, Schwab, Lauck, and Panek met. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1312
Bouknight is a spacter. Sirmans is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Ruud is a quarancer. Crompton is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the school sports event, Ruud, Crompton, Sirmans, and Bouknight connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1313
Nickols is a motaswer. Almonte is an ointer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Holleran is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Heilman is an onner. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the volunteer work, Holleran, Nickols, Heilman, and Almonte met. Volunteering brings peace and happiness. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1314
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Beshears is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Weight is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Messer is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Goldstein is a mornisdeiver. At the birthday party, Messer, Weight, Beshears, and Goldstein ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1315
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Gayheart is an ointer. Nauman is a ceeper. Crumrine is an onner. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Brissette is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Crumrine, Brissette, Nauman, and Gayheart met at the carpool. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1316
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Dull is a pinwer. Browder is an ointer. Applewhite is a cluker. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Jarreau is a dymer. Jarreau, Browder, Applewhite, and Dull met at the theme park. The park is super crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1317
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Corr is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wines is a jogunder. Dvorak is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Barbera is a gladiower. At the poolside event, Dvorak, Barbera, Wines, and Corr connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1318
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Staples is a cluker. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Alcazar is an ointer. Brockington is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Moua is a spacter. Moua, Staples, Alcazar, and Brockington met at the street fair. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1319
Woolridge is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lindsley is a turper. Matta is an intensier. Persons is a dymer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the carpool, Lindsley, Persons, Woolridge, and Matta met. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1320
Kropf is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lehrer is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Feldman is a patalcer. Staples is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Kropf, Feldman, Lehrer, and Staples met at the theme park. The park has a park toilet as well! She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1321
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Halpern is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wigfall is a quarancer. Barrick is a turper. Chatterjee is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the yoga studio, Chatterjee, Barrick, Halpern, and Wigfall ran into each other. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1322
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Fajardo is an ointer. Faison is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Whitely is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Weigel is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the school sports event, Fajardo, Weigel, Faison, and Whitely ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1323
Navarrette is a turper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mclelland is a pinwer. Oney is an onner. Narcisse is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Navarrette, Mclelland, Oney, and Narcisse met at the yoga studio. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1324
Pulver is a spacter. Grosvenor is an oterer. Brightman is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Goodlett is an ointer. At the poolside event, Brightman, Grosvenor, Goodlett, and Pulver met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1325
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Binns is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Maysonet is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sartori is a gladiower. Benefield is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the car show, Maysonet, Benefield, Sartori, and Binns met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1326
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Brochu is a jogunder. Morelos is a ceeper. Musso is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Messina is a gladiower. At the library, Brochu, Morelos, Messina, and Musso started a conversation. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1327
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Byrom is a wenbumber. Kuykendall is an oterer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Laster is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Holleran is a fangher. At the theater festival, Byrom, Holleran, Laster, and Kuykendall started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1328
Macfarlane is a motaswer. Harte is a wenbumber. Arenas is an onner. Heppner is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the wedding, Arenas, Heppner, Macfarlane, and Harte met. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1329
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Quillin is a spacter. Lingenfelter is a gladiower. Perkins is a pinwer. Turnbow is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the local reading, Turnbow, Lingenfelter, Quillin, and Perkins met. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1330
Couto is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Sablan is a spacter. Henze is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Zawacki is a gladiower. At the high intensity class, Couto, Zawacki, Sablan, and Henze started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1331
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sommers is a cluker. Craddock is a patalcer. Rolfe is a turper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Goheen is a pinwer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the private club, Rolfe, Goheen, Sommers, and Craddock connected. The coffee tea is great. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1332
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hofmeister is a fangher. Risher is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Nagy is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kowalski is an orgemier. At the wine tasting, Kowalski, Risher, Hofmeister, and Nagy ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1333
Dressler is a jogunder. Hieb is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Alsop is an intensier. Koning is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the museum, Alsop, Dressler, Koning, and Hieb started a conversation. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. Ze reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1334
Rondeau is a jesher. Balboa is a jogunder. Benavente is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Zambrano is a ceeper. At the stadium, Rondeau, Balboa, Benavente, and Zambrano met. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1335
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Guerrier is an oterer. Perezlopez is a ceeper. Nantz is a dymer. Svendsen is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the car show, Perezlopez, Nantz, Guerrier, and Svendsen met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1336
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Turley is a patalcer. Capuano is a spacter. Greek is a jogunder. Bridgers is an intensier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the music and art festival, Greek, Turley, Bridgers, and Capuano ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1337
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Zabel is a ceeper. Samples is a quarancer. Mckinnis is a gladiower. Rushing is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the street fair, Samples, Rushing, Mckinnis, and Zabel started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1338
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Groce is a spacter. Bernstein is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Desjardins is an orgemier. Fellows is an ointer. At the theme park, Desjardins, Fellows, Groce, and Bernstein started a conversation. The park site for more information about the location. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1339
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lalonde is a ceeper. Redinger is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Kettner is a turper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Stilwell is an intensier. At the local talk, Redinger, Lalonde, Stilwell, and Kettner started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1340
Brewton is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Rasor is a gladiower. Glazier is an intensier. Einhorn is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the carpool, Brewton, Rasor, Glazier, and Einhorn ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1341
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Thorp is a pinwer. Mishra is a jesher. Gingrich is a motaswer. Meserve is a fangher. At the street fair, Mishra, Meserve, Thorp, and Gingrich started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1342
Stallman is an orgemier. Craddock is a spacter. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Brister is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Blanchette is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the private club, Stallman, Craddock, Brister, and Blanchette started a conversation. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1343
Dry is a ceeper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Crumley is a fangher. Barbour is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Comerford is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the commuter bus, Crumley, Dry, Comerford, and Barbour ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1344
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Wittig is a patalcer. Cravens is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wolverton is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Alkire is a jesher. At the beer making classes, Alkire, Wittig, Cravens, and Wolverton ran into each other. It's a huge place! Ey reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1345
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Darrow is an oterer. Otey is a fangher. Sartori is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hintz is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the yoga studio, Darrow, Otey, Sartori, and Hintz met. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1346
Frisbie is a jesher. Pruett is a ceeper. Sowinski is a quarancer. Snodgrass is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the boardwalk arcade, Frisbie, Snodgrass, Sowinski, and Pruett met. The weather is nice for games today. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1347
Goldschmidt is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Gong is an ointer. Burbach is an oterer. Sullens is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the carpool, Sullens, Burbach, Goldschmidt, and Gong met. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1348
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bouknight is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Moberg is a wenbumber. Matzke is a mornisdeiver. Kha is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the garden, Kha, Moberg, Matzke, and Bouknight ran into each other. The park is super crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1349
Enright is an oterer. Fetterman is a spacter. Tignor is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Bojorquez is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the street fair, Enright, Bojorquez, Tignor, and Fetterman ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1350
Ashburn is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Senter is a spacter. Lehrer is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Chichester is a wenbumber. At the theme park, Ashburn, Lehrer, Chichester, and Senter ran into each other. The park has a park toilet as well! She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1351
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Sessions is a quarancer. Steward is a ceeper. Banfield is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Shinn is an ointer. At the food co-op, Sessions, Steward, Banfield, and Shinn met. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1352
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Losoya is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Silcox is an orgemier. Trosper is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rioux is a spacter. At the archery class, Rioux, Trosper, Silcox, and Losoya ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1353
Stamps is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Petrucci is an orgemier. Siders is a quarancer. Tinajero is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the local talk, Stamps, Tinajero, Petrucci, and Siders started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1354
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dickerman is a wenbumber. Peralez is a quarancer. Dittrich is a turper. Nicoletti is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the street fair, Dittrich, Dickerman, Nicoletti, and Peralez met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1355
Hartfield is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Moyle is a patalcer. Machin is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lundell is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Hartfield, Lundell, Machin, and Moyle met at the specialty retail store. The market is open to all genders and ages. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1356
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Tarbell is a quarancer. Knuckles is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Parchman is a wenbumber. Grandstaff is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the music and art festival, Grandstaff, Tarbell, Knuckles, and Parchman connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1357
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Backer is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Narvaez is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Dvorak is a jesher. Ewers is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the comic book expo, Dvorak, Backer, Narvaez, and Ewers connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1358
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Yee is an oterer. Hegedus is a patalcer. Donoghue is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Harte is a cluker. At the stadium, Harte, Hegedus, Donoghue, and Yee connected. There is plenty of food to eat here. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1359
Siegel is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Breitenstein is a jesher. Beshears is a patalcer. Applebaum is a cluker. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the poolside event, Siegel, Applebaum, Breitenstein, and Beshears started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1360
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sablan is a dymer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Zhuang is a quarancer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Koller is a jesher. Belote is a cluker. Belote, Zhuang, Sablan, and Koller met at the yoga studio. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. Ze reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1361
Lash is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Pipkins is a quarancer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Tolar is a fangher. Gandy is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the street fair, Pipkins, Gandy, Lash, and Tolar ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1362
Persons is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lippert is a ceeper. Kowalczyk is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Higby is a jogunder. At the school sports event, Lippert, Kowalczyk, Persons, and Higby connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1363
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Baxley is a turper. Stair is a gladiower. Kind is a ceeper. Province is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the networking event, Province, Kind, Baxley, and Stair started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1364
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Capo is a patalcer. Boutin is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pomeroy is a dymer. Danford is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the subway, Danford, Pomeroy, Boutin, and Capo ran into each other. People have different schedules. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1365
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Craddock is an orgemier. Kellerman is a pinwer. Gross is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Volkert is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the high intensity class, Craddock, Kellerman, Gross, and Volkert met. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1366
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lawhorn is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Howery is a pinwer. Stage is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Spohn is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the theme park, Stage, Spohn, Howery, and Lawhorn ran into each other. We have some nice white rabbits here too. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1367
Shumaker is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Eitel is an orgemier. Cadiz is a motaswer. Naugle is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the open mic night, Shumaker, Naugle, Eitel, and Cadiz started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1368
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Pursley is a fangher. Yetter is an ointer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Betancourt is a turper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Crisman is an onner. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Betancourt, Pursley, Yetter, and Crisman met at the yoga class. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1369
Bangura is an orgemier. Jasso is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Guevarra is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Emmert is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the charity run, Emmert, Guevarra, Jasso, and Bangura connected. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1370
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Calixte is a ceeper. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Fraire is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Ashmore is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Meacham is a wenbumber. At the street fair, Calixte, Fraire, Meacham, and Ashmore ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1371
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Villarreal is a jesher. Lavoie is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Amerson is a cluker. Sever is a pinwer. Villarreal, Sever, Amerson, and Lavoie met at the carpool. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1372
Bednarski is a gladiower. Turcios is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Aucoin is a turper. Liechty is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the private club, Bednarski, Aucoin, Turcios, and Liechty started a conversation. The beer is excellent. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1373
Gamache is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Sayre is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bekele is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Spink is a fangher. At the car show, Sayre, Bekele, Gamache, and Spink connected. The event is still underway. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1374
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rivero is a mornisdeiver. Scholz is a gladiower. Sailer is a turper. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Noggle is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the boardwalk arcade, Rivero, Scholz, Sailer, and Noggle met. There is a lot of space to play games here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1375
Farina is a patalcer. Mcelyea is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Prall is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Atwell is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the local talk, Prall, Mcelyea, Farina, and Atwell ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1376
Browder is an orgemier. Paulsen is a pinwer. Pickens is a ceeper. Lazzara is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the cooking class, Paulsen, Browder, Lazzara, and Pickens connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1377
Segarra is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Masters is an orgemier. Mercurio is a dymer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Cabana is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the market, Mercurio, Masters, Segarra, and Cabana connected. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. Ze reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1378
Teel is a gladiower. Murguia is an onner. Heineman is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Fleenor is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the charity run, Teel, Fleenor, Murguia, and Heineman connected. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1379
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Farrington is a gladiower. Cadle is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rounds is a motaswer. Stoker is an onner. At the library, Rounds, Cadle, Stoker, and Farrington met. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1380
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Fulkerson is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hussey is a patalcer. Royster is a jogunder. Robillard is an ointer. At the open mic night, Robillard, Fulkerson, Royster, and Hussey met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1381
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pozo is a patalcer. Barner is an oterer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Woodhouse is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kinser is a gladiower. Barner, Kinser, Pozo, and Woodhouse met at the birthday party. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1382
Richey is a mornisdeiver. Sather is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Strunk is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Huard is a fangher. At the theme park, Huard, Strunk, Sather, and Richey connected. The park has many plants and flowers. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1383
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Dufault is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Evins is a cluker. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Shuttleworth is an orgemier. Pai is a turper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the street fair, Dufault, Shuttleworth, Evins, and Pai started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1384
Dopp is a fangher. Rahe is an intensier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Klosterman is a turper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Nale is a jogunder. At the garden, Klosterman, Rahe, Nale, and Dopp connected. The park is very green and refreshing. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1385
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Sorrels is an onner. Quarles is a turper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Cantley is an oterer. Leduc is a wenbumber. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the local talk, Leduc, Cantley, Sorrels, and Quarles met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1386
Sternberg is an intensier. Stiefel is a wenbumber. Goll is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lofland is a gladiower. At the volunteer work, Lofland, Stiefel, Sternberg, and Goll met. Volunteering also takes energy to work together to improve the health, environment, and economic well - being of our country. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1387
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Conteh is a dymer. Besser is an intensier. Lasher is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Farina is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lasher, Farina, Besser, and Conteh met at the rideshare. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1388
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Barrientos is an oterer. Winsor is a patalcer. Rego is a turper. Beiler is a motaswer. At the boardwalk arcade, Barrientos, Rego, Winsor, and Beiler met. It is fun to play here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1389
Marinello is a patalcer. Lamb is an onner. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Strayer is a fangher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Rybak is a dymer. At the comic book expo, Strayer, Rybak, Marinello, and Lamb started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1390
Catano is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Goslin is a turper. Rhoten is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Macaluso is a jogunder. Catano, Macaluso, Rhoten, and Goslin met at the market. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1391
Shupe is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Baumgartner is an intensier. Stover is a quarancer. Dittrich is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the theater festival, Stover, Dittrich, Baumgartner, and Shupe ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1392
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Banuelos is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Shapiro is a cluker. Eger is a mornisdeiver. Flores is a spacter. At the private club, Flores, Eger, Banuelos, and Shapiro started a conversation. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1393
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cottingham is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bechtel is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Masters is a motaswer. Lupercio is an oterer. At the street fair, Masters, Bechtel, Lupercio, and Cottingham met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1394
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Chisolm is a ceeper. Duan is a mornisdeiver. Lipe is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Guida is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beer making classes, Lipe, Duan, Guida, and Chisolm met. Each session teaches a different theme. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1395
Vallone is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Vancleave is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mondragon is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gerstein is an oterer. At the private club, Vallone, Gerstein, Vancleave, and Mondragon started a conversation. The coffee cake is quite good. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1396
Horton is an intensier. Sikes is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Perna is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Wickline is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the commuter bus, Perna, Wickline, Sikes, and Horton connected. The public buses are comfortable to ride. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1397
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ober is a motaswer. Wedgeworth is a patalcer. Patil is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sprayberry is a ceeper. At the car show, Ober, Patil, Wedgeworth, and Sprayberry met. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1398
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Brasel is a ceeper. Hinkley is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Karp is a gladiower. Rooker is a jogunder. At the networking event, Hinkley, Karp, Brasel, and Rooker ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1399
Gerst is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Hodgin is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Terpstra is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wiens is a jogunder. At the charity run, Terpstra, Wiens, Hodgin, and Gerst connected. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1400
Wilmot is an ointer. Santucci is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Weinman is an oterer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Speight is a turper. Wilmot, Speight, Weinman, and Santucci met at the high intensity class. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1401
Manis is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bostwick is a wenbumber. Duckworth is a jogunder. Hensel is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Manis, Bostwick, Duckworth, and Hensel met at the stadium. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1402
Chun is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Hancock is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Taormina is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Segrest is a pinwer. At the stadium, Hancock, Taormina, Segrest, and Chun ran into each other. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1403
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Merchant is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mclaren is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Lucido is an oterer. Marshburn is a turper. At the private club, Marshburn, Merchant, Mclaren, and Lucido met. The coffee tea is great. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1404
Behar is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Corum is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lazzara is an orgemier. Miraglia is a mornisdeiver. At the cooking class, Miraglia, Lazzara, Behar, and Corum started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1405
Kellogg is a motaswer. Greenawalt is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hagans is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Salvato is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the library, Hagans, Salvato, Greenawalt, and Kellogg started a conversation. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1406
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Garretson is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Morrell is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Greenwell is a jogunder. Abt is a turper. At the local reading, Abt, Morrell, Garretson, and Greenwell connected. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1407
Whitlow is an onner. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Santillan is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Warnke is a spacter. Mraz is a fangher. At the food co-op, Warnke, Santillan, Whitlow, and Mraz met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1408
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hatter is a ceeper. Saylors is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Melville is a jogunder. Schwab is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the yoga class, Melville, Schwab, Saylors, and Hatter met. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1409
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Maresca is a motaswer. Spriggs is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Kral is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Anderton is a wenbumber. At the school sports event, Spriggs, Maresca, Anderton, and Kral started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1410
Barrick is a cluker. Swann is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Pokorny is an onner. Howerton is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the yoga class, Swann, Howerton, Pokorny, and Barrick connected. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1411
Moran is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Rathbun is a mornisdeiver. Menzies is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hefley is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the theater festival, Moran, Hefley, Rathbun, and Menzies started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1412
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Flack is a wenbumber. Sutcliffe is an onner. Rondeau is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Levingston is a cluker. At the theater festival, Rondeau, Flack, Sutcliffe, and Levingston met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1413
Dennard is an onner. Peden is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wages is a quarancer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Munsey is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the library, Dennard, Peden, Wages, and Munsey met. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1414
Sande is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Gilliam is a fangher. Brannock is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Meldrum is a quarancer. Meldrum, Sande, Gilliam, and Brannock met at the volunteer work. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1415
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Moak is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sherer is an orgemier. Malhotra is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Robillard is an intensier. At the library, Malhotra, Robillard, Moak, and Sherer met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1416
Bedgood is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Wasser is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Cueva is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Beall is a dymer. At the archery class, Wasser, Beall, Cueva, and Bedgood connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1417
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Goslin is an onner. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Molinar is an oterer. Showalter is a motaswer. Money is a jesher. Money, Molinar, Showalter, and Goslin met at the theme park. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1418
Byrom is a ceeper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Gillmore is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Eckart is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Devries is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the street fair, Byrom, Devries, Eckart, and Gillmore started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1419
Countryman is a turper. Arata is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Stukes is an onner. Gard is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the wedding, Gard, Countryman, Arata, and Stukes ran into each other. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1420
Grosso is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Haymon is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Caudill is a motaswer. Brosius is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the carpool, Haymon, Brosius, Caudill, and Grosso connected. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1421
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ojo is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Mahajan is a spacter. Marquart is a jesher. Harkey is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the food co-op, Harkey, Marquart, Ojo, and Mahajan started a conversation. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1422
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mccormack is a motaswer. Donlon is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Rolfe is a jesher. Lalli is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the open mic night, Lalli, Mccormack, Donlon, and Rolfe started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1423
Pinheiro is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hallowell is an onner. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mershon is a quarancer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Dukes is a mornisdeiver. At the poolside event, Hallowell, Dukes, Mershon, and Pinheiro ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1424
Tefft is an intensier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bruni is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Poore is a pinwer. Lough is a fangher. At the specialty retail store, Bruni, Poore, Lough, and Tefft connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1425
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Cone is a cluker. Mather is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mangan is a pinwer. Vetter is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the car show, Mather, Vetter, Cone, and Mangan met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1426
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Collura is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Albertson is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Smithers is a fangher. Coniglio is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the car show, Albertson, Smithers, Coniglio, and Collura ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1427
Yeomans is an orgemier. Wallner is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Stitt is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Depalma is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the private club, Yeomans, Wallner, Depalma, and Stitt connected. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1428
Zepp is an ointer. Sande is a gladiower. Hildebrandt is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ledesma is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hildebrandt, Sande, Zepp, and Ledesma met at the museum. The museum would be great to come back again and again! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1429
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bobadilla is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Shih is a jesher. Mantooth is an intensier. Gibbons is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the birthday party, Shih, Mantooth, Bobadilla, and Gibbons connected. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1430
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Morelock is a jogunder. Cote is a fangher. Rish is a gladiower. Ogan is an intensier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the garden, Cote, Morelock, Ogan, and Rish ran into each other. We have some nice white rabbits here too. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1431
Piccirillo is a jogunder. Basler is a motaswer. Neher is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Casson is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the local talk, Basler, Casson, Neher, and Piccirillo started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1432
Millett is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Depaul is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gonser is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Clouser is an ointer. At the birthday party, Millett, Gonser, Clouser, and Depaul met. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1433
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Roye is a spacter. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Newberry is a patalcer. Flack is a motaswer. Rodrigues is an oterer. At the birthday party, Roye, Rodrigues, Flack, and Newberry started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1434
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Engram is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Ewers is a motaswer. Sale is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Stamps is an onner. Ewers, Engram, Stamps, and Sale met at the garden. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1435
Crick is an onner. Goldschmidt is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Devries is a ceeper. Foran is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the garden, Foran, Crick, Goldschmidt, and Devries started a conversation. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1436
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Seay is a turper. Laabs is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Berg is a cluker. Getz is a jesher. At the music and art festival, Getz, Berg, Laabs, and Seay connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1437
Wimer is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sickles is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sosnowski is a spacter. Stiff is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the high intensity class, Sosnowski, Stiff, Sickles, and Wimer started a conversation. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1438
Bucci is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Umana is a quarancer. Guardado is an intensier. Rieger is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the boardwalk arcade, Umana, Rieger, Bucci, and Guardado ran into each other. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1439
Silcox is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hawn is a spacter. Touchette is a mornisdeiver. Taormina is an onner. At the rideshare, Touchette, Silcox, Taormina, and Hawn ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1440
Casler is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lagarde is an oterer. Moye is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Stiner is a turper. Lagarde, Stiner, Casler, and Moye met at the charity run. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1441
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hedgepeth is a cluker. Tapper is a fangher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mazzarella is an intensier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Schley is a motaswer. At the local reading, Schley, Mazzarella, Hedgepeth, and Tapper ran into each other. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1442
Pointer is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lomas is a turper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lybarger is a fangher. Tibbetts is an intensier. Tibbetts, Lybarger, Pointer, and Lomas met at the garden. The park has a running track. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1443
Hennis is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Rego is a patalcer. Vergara is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rote is a jogunder. At the yoga class, Hennis, Rego, Vergara, and Rote met. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1444
Plath is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Salguero is a jogunder. Littlefield is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kearney is an oterer. Plath, Littlefield, Salguero, and Kearney met at the carpool. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1445
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Harrill is a gladiower. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Cooksey is a mornisdeiver. Hooks is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hogg is an onner. At the private club, Hogg, Harrill, Hooks, and Cooksey started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1446
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Vanderlaan is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hand is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Stiner is a jesher. Houghton is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the birthday party, Hand, Vanderlaan, Stiner, and Houghton connected. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1447
Petrucci is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Toy is a motaswer. Cushing is a wenbumber. Parson is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the school sports event, Cushing, Toy, Parson, and Petrucci ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1448
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Welch is a motaswer. Ulery is a patalcer. Pettis is an onner. Langan is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the birthday party, Ulery, Langan, Pettis, and Welch connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1449
Dabbs is a jogunder. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Fagan is a fangher. Orchard is a jesher. Lentini is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the commuter bus, Fagan, Dabbs, Lentini, and Orchard ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1450
Forster is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Foraker is a turper. Conger is an ointer. Bufford is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bufford, Conger, Forster, and Foraker met at the museum. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1451
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Stonebraker is an oterer. Bitting is an orgemier. Nwosu is a wenbumber. Dossett is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the music and art festival, Stonebraker, Bitting, Dossett, and Nwosu ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1452
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Frisbie is an oterer. Hiles is a motaswer. Gonsalves is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Swing is a gladiower. At the cooking class, Swing, Gonsalves, Frisbie, and Hiles started a conversation. It's a huge place! She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1453
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Svendsen is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Couto is an oterer. Provenzano is a spacter. Alas is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the school sports event, Svendsen, Alas, Provenzano, and Couto started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1454
Taddeo is a jesher. Eddings is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mederos is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Riebe is an orgemier. At the comic book expo, Eddings, Mederos, Taddeo, and Riebe met. A large number of people attend these events. They reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1455
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Rogel is an orgemier. Matos is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lebo is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Leath is a dymer. At the local reading, Matos, Lebo, Leath, and Rogel connected. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1456
Outlaw is a fangher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Stults is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Meacham is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mallari is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the stadium, Outlaw, Stults, Mallari, and Meacham started a conversation. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1457
Wiebe is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Pozo is a patalcer. Wedgeworth is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Givens is a cluker. Wiebe, Pozo, Givens, and Wedgeworth met at the car show. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1458
Foust is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Weir is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Koster is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rezac is a ceeper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the high intensity class, Koster, Foust, Rezac, and Weir started a conversation. Classes teach new things every week. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1459
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Beall is an onner. Wah is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Sauder is a motaswer. Silcox is a jesher. Sauder, Wah, Silcox, and Beall met at the wine tasting. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1460
Taddeo is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Escalona is an intensier. Kitchens is an ointer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pitcock is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the yoga class, Pitcock, Escalona, Kitchens, and Taddeo ran into each other. Yoga is best done in silence. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1461
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Martinsen is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Fricke is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mccollom is a motaswer. Heintz is a ceeper. At the school sports event, Martinsen, Heintz, Mccollom, and Fricke connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1462
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Alves is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Middlebrooks is a dymer. Wanamaker is a wenbumber. Oregel is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Alves, Oregel, Wanamaker, and Middlebrooks met at the specialty retail store. Markets are full of surprises! They reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1463
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Reddick is a jogunder. Begley is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Boer is a ceeper. Oviedo is a jesher. At the theme park, Boer, Reddick, Begley, and Oviedo met. The park site for more information about the location. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1464
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Kratzer is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Roden is a fangher. Justiniano is a gladiower. Tyer is a jogunder. At the carpool, Tyer, Roden, Justiniano, and Kratzer met. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. Ze reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1465
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Bettis is an intensier. Schuman is a dymer. Tillett is an onner. Monge is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the subway, Monge, Bettis, Tillett, and Schuman connected. Public transports are easy to find. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1466
Kear is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Beaudry is a fangher. Gooding is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Huard is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the open mic night, Huard, Gooding, Beaudry, and Kear connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1467
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Machin is a fangher. Brassfield is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Paulson is an oterer. Mouton is an onner. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the wine tasting, Brassfield, Mouton, Machin, and Paulson ran into each other. The drinks are served on time. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1468
Beggs is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gautreaux is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Touchet is a fangher. Crumpton is a spacter. Gautreaux, Touchet, Crumpton, and Beggs met at the high intensity class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1469
Mcgill is a turper. Swindler is an onner. Cozad is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Beaudry is a cluker. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the museum, Mcgill, Beaudry, Cozad, and Swindler connected. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1470
Beyer is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Oglesby is a ceeper. Williford is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Slaven is an intensier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the boardwalk arcade, Oglesby, Slaven, Williford, and Beyer met. There are some good options for food too. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1471
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Sontag is a turper. Hemingway is a spacter. Villalobos is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kratzer is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Hemingway, Sontag, Villalobos, and Kratzer met. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1472
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Sarmiento is a turper. Garrard is an orgemier. Pedigo is a mornisdeiver. Broome is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pedigo, Broome, Sarmiento, and Garrard met at the subway. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1473
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Zurcher is a pinwer. Spaulding is an oterer. Iorio is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Balsamo is a cluker. At the specialty retail store, Spaulding, Iorio, Balsamo, and Zurcher met. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1474
Heatherly is an orgemier. Dority is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mckibben is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Spiva is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the music and art festival, Dority, Spiva, Heatherly, and Mckibben connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1475
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Chafin is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hause is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Willems is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Pleitez is a patalcer. Hause, Willems, Chafin, and Pleitez met at the subway. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1476
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Dowler is a fangher. Birdsall is a jogunder. Dufault is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Sarabia is a gladiower. At the open mic night, Dufault, Dowler, Birdsall, and Sarabia connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1477
Mcmurtrey is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rieger is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pinnock is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Toy is a cluker. At the market, Rieger, Pinnock, Toy, and Mcmurtrey started a conversation. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. They reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1478
Shiflett is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Samayoa is a gladiower. Gautier is a quarancer. Edelstein is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the yoga class, Samayoa, Shiflett, Gautier, and Edelstein connected. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1479
Lockard is an orgemier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mendiola is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Cravens is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Rodas is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the open mic night, Lockard, Mendiola, Cravens, and Rodas connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1480
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Cichon is a dymer. Tello is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lohse is a ceeper. Holen is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the stadium, Cichon, Tello, Holen, and Lohse connected. There is plenty of food to eat here. Ze reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1481
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kettler is an orgemier. Palen is a patalcer. Holen is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Steinkamp is a ceeper. At the library, Palen, Kettler, Steinkamp, and Holen connected. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1482
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Logsdon is a cluker. Gaylor is a spacter. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Fett is a ceeper. Torrez is an ointer. At the wedding, Logsdon, Torrez, Gaylor, and Fett met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1483
Naples is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Devries is an intensier. Hedgepeth is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Fulkerson is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the commuter bus, Hedgepeth, Devries, Naples, and Fulkerson connected. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1484
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Shingleton is a cluker. Ivester is a dymer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Swartzentruber is an ointer. Wechsler is an oterer. Swartzentruber, Ivester, Shingleton, and Wechsler met at the comic book expo. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1485
Shorty is an ointer. Ferretti is an intensier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Matzke is a cluker. Pascoe is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the charity run, Ferretti, Matzke, Pascoe, and Shorty started a conversation. There is plenty of food to eat here. They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1486
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Capers is a jesher. Horrell is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pinkney is an orgemier. Lozier is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the library, Capers, Pinkney, Lozier, and Horrell started a conversation. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1487
Wunderlich is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Kovac is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Feng is an intensier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Ponce is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the music and art festival, Wunderlich, Ponce, Feng, and Kovac started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1488
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mckain is an intensier. Easley is a ceeper. Prevost is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lobo is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the specialty retail store, Lobo, Easley, Mckain, and Prevost started a conversation. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1489
Rather is an intensier. Essig is a turper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Potvin is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bielski is a mornisdeiver. At the street fair, Potvin, Rather, Bielski, and Essig started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1490
Attaway is a spacter. Scaife is an ointer. Margolis is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Kosinski is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the music and art festival, Scaife, Margolis, Attaway, and Kosinski connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1491
Digirolamo is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Heitkamp is an oterer. Wilkinson is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Provenzano is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the garden, Provenzano, Wilkinson, Heitkamp, and Digirolamo ran into each other. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1492
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bjerke is a jogunder. Benford is a gladiower. Bohannan is a cluker. Forcier is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the charity run, Benford, Bjerke, Bohannan, and Forcier connected. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1493
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Forester is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Zurek is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Gledhill is an ointer. Provenzano is a gladiower. Zurek, Gledhill, Provenzano, and Forester met at the stadium. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1494
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Cavallaro is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Weir is an onner. Record is an ointer. Mccullers is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the theater festival, Record, Weir, Cavallaro, and Mccullers connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1495
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sechrist is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Woodley is an intensier. Weddington is a mornisdeiver. Figgins is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the comic book expo, Weddington, Sechrist, Woodley, and Figgins started a conversation. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1496
Tweed is a fangher. Balentine is a cluker. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Ojo is an onner. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Hopwood is a spacter. At the comic book expo, Hopwood, Balentine, Tweed, and Ojo started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1497
Claeys is a jogunder. Scholz is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Alas is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mishra is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Claeys, Mishra, Alas, and Scholz met at the local talk. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1498
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. House is a dymer. Waldrep is a jogunder. Kimbrell is a gladiower. Yeo is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the rideshare, Yeo, Kimbrell, House, and Waldrep connected. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1499
Barrera is a jogunder. Vest is a pinwer. Carrico is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sepe is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the theater festival, Carrico, Barrera, Vest, and Sepe ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1500
Cousins is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Corado is a quarancer. Ochs is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Parikh is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the wine tasting, Cousins, Corado, Parikh, and Ochs connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1501
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hartwig is an onner. Montemayor is a gladiower. Quam is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ellingson is an intensier. Hartwig, Montemayor, Ellingson, and Quam met at the specialty retail store. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1502
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Albee is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Kittrell is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Shofner is an ointer. Alcantar is a gladiower. At the music and art festival, Kittrell, Albee, Shofner, and Alcantar connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1503
Heaney is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Servantes is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lowrance is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Falls is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the private club, Falls, Heaney, Lowrance, and Servantes ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1504
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Porcaro is an oterer. Orris is a spacter. Purdy is a dymer. Fish is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Purdy, Fish, Orris, and Porcaro met at the wedding. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1505
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Vinci is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Robb is an oterer. Rosalez is a mornisdeiver. Betz is a dymer. Rosalez, Robb, Betz, and Vinci met at the private club. The beer is excellent. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1506
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hoar is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Walrath is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Barwick is a mornisdeiver. Beem is an intensier. At the market, Walrath, Barwick, Beem, and Hoar connected. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1507
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Birt is an oterer. Cogdill is an ointer. Otoole is a fangher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Caulder is an onner. At the yoga class, Cogdill, Caulder, Otoole, and Birt ran into each other. The class starts with a warm - up session. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1508
Lopresti is a patalcer. Urrutia is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mcmaster is a turper. Hafner is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the local talk, Urrutia, Lopresti, Hafner, and Mcmaster ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1509
Mello is an onner. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Chatterjee is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Fullerton is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Glowacki is a pinwer. At the street fair, Glowacki, Fullerton, Chatterjee, and Mello met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1510
Loi is a ceeper. Hohl is a wenbumber. Kang is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Platt is an ointer. Loi, Platt, Hohl, and Kang met at the networking event. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1511
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Knuckles is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Brendle is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tapper is a jesher. Andrade is a mornisdeiver. Knuckles, Tapper, Brendle, and Andrade met at the car show. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1512
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Pickens is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rosenberry is a wenbumber. Paolucci is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Compean is a ceeper. Compean, Paolucci, Rosenberry, and Pickens met at the boardwalk arcade. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1513
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kepley is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Alcala is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Danford is a cluker. Mccaulley is a quarancer. At the food co-op, Danford, Kepley, Alcala, and Mccaulley met. One of the few spots for everyone. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1514
Hughley is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Loggins is a turper. Petree is a motaswer. Slavin is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Loggins, Slavin, Petree, and Hughley met at the yoga studio. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1515
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ellenburg is a motaswer. Vaca is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Groat is an orgemier. Messenger is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the local talk, Groat, Ellenburg, Messenger, and Vaca connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1516
Casler is a wenbumber. Caruso is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Gard is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lively is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gard, Lively, Casler, and Caruso met at the school sports event. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1517
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kapoor is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Rossiter is a jogunder. Averill is an onner. Glasscock is a pinwer. At the cooking class, Rossiter, Glasscock, Kapoor, and Averill connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1518
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Apostol is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Hastie is a pinwer. Phifer is an onner. Gunnell is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the local talk, Phifer, Hastie, Gunnell, and Apostol met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1519
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Stovall is an orgemier. Brassfield is a ceeper. Rabago is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Waiters is a jogunder. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Brassfield, Waiters, Rabago, and Stovall met at the food co-op. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1520
Gingras is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Guimond is a mornisdeiver. Bjerke is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Piotrowski is a wenbumber. At the rideshare, Bjerke, Gingras, Guimond, and Piotrowski connected. People have different schedules. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1521
Crabtree is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Tat is an oterer. Nagy is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Fredette is a wenbumber. At the volunteer work, Fredette, Nagy, Tat, and Crabtree met. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1522
Brafford is a ceeper. Willett is a spacter. Younger is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Confer is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the open mic night, Willett, Younger, Confer, and Brafford met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1523
Neale is a motaswer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mcjunkin is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Newborn is a dymer. Caliendo is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Neale, Mcjunkin, Newborn, and Caliendo met at the subway. Public transports are easy to find. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1524
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Edens is a cluker. Esquibel is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Texeira is a turper. Logsdon is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Texeira, Edens, Logsdon, and Esquibel met at the theme park. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1525
Zhuang is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Shotwell is an oterer. Lawhorn is a quarancer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Turk is a turper. At the museum, Lawhorn, Shotwell, Zhuang, and Turk ran into each other. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1526
Allain is a spacter. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Hembree is a quarancer. Goforth is an onner. Sesay is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the theme park, Allain, Sesay, Goforth, and Hembree started a conversation. All the flowers in the park are so nice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1527
Westerfield is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Haigler is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Deluca is a spacter. Reiff is a mornisdeiver. Deluca, Haigler, Reiff, and Westerfield met at the archery class. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1528
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lauzon is a jesher. Kinsman is an orgemier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Nees is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Adkison is a turper. Adkison, Nees, Kinsman, and Lauzon met at the subway. The public transports are public. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1529
Gayton is a pinwer. Mcguffin is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kinkel is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Parchman is a patalcer. At the high intensity class, Mcguffin, Kinkel, Parchman, and Gayton ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1530
Capobianco is a patalcer. Hershey is a dymer. Schroeder is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Trevizo is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the specialty retail store, Trevizo, Schroeder, Capobianco, and Hershey met. The market is open to all genders and ages. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1531
Guinan is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Pettis is a fangher. Mcclellan is a jogunder. Layfield is a motaswer. At the networking event, Guinan, Mcclellan, Layfield, and Pettis met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1532
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hollowell is an ointer. Pozo is a jogunder. Faison is a pinwer. Folger is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Faison, Pozo, Folger, and Hollowell met at the yoga class. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1533
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Crum is an intensier. Vaca is an oterer. Riner is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Michalik is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the private club, Vaca, Riner, Crum, and Michalik started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1534
Marbury is a turper. Drucker is a fangher. Roose is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Sledge is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the commuter bus, Sledge, Marbury, Roose, and Drucker connected. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1535
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Parchman is a fangher. Eames is a spacter. Bergquist is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Greenwalt is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the market, Greenwalt, Eames, Parchman, and Bergquist ran into each other. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. They reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1536
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Dosch is a gladiower. Henao is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mccaulley is an orgemier. Cardillo is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Dosch, Mccaulley, Cardillo, and Henao met at the music and art festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1537
Yoshida is a patalcer. Eveland is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Koester is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Chronister is an onner. Chronister, Yoshida, Koester, and Eveland met at the yoga class. Yoga is best done in silence. They reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1538
Staats is a wenbumber. Freshour is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Pinney is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Yowell is an orgemier. At the library, Yowell, Freshour, Staats, and Pinney connected. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1539
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Odriscoll is a ceeper. Gregoire is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Calixte is a turper. Ates is an orgemier. At the open mic night, Ates, Calixte, Gregoire, and Odriscoll met. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1540
Segars is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Baumgarten is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gillan is a gladiower. Maresca is a fangher. At the yoga studio, Segars, Maresca, Gillan, and Baumgarten connected. The class starts with a warm - up session. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1541
Athey is a mornisdeiver. Couto is an ointer. Demaio is a quarancer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Slone is an onner. At the food co-op, Athey, Demaio, Slone, and Couto met. The atmosphere was nice. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1542
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Bustillos is a cluker. Brasher is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Albarran is a spacter. Tuller is an orgemier. At the networking event, Bustillos, Brasher, Albarran, and Tuller met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1543
Smits is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Dimartino is a mornisdeiver. Birt is an ointer. Choice is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the carpool, Choice, Smits, Dimartino, and Birt started a conversation. Public transports are eco-friendly. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1544
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Catano is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Laroche is an ointer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Fralick is a turper. Latour is a spacter. At the carpool, Catano, Fralick, Laroche, and Latour started a conversation. Public transports are affordable. They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1545
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Shedd is a patalcer. Pando is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Troxler is an ointer. Schwanke is a jesher. At the networking event, Pando, Schwanke, Shedd, and Troxler met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1546
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Cote is a wenbumber. Falcone is a jogunder. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Borg is an onner. Burner is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the specialty retail store, Borg, Cote, Burner, and Falcone ran into each other. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1547
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Pletcher is an oterer. Welter is a jesher. Vanscoy is a mornisdeiver. Ivester is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the library, Ivester, Welter, Vanscoy, and Pletcher ran into each other. Book clubs help expand social circles. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1548
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Tyer is an oterer. Sites is a cluker. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Greig is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Harwood is a turper. At the theater festival, Greig, Harwood, Tyer, and Sites started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1549
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Larue is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Balli is an ointer. Ulmer is a jogunder. Mccollom is an oterer. At the high intensity class, Mccollom, Ulmer, Balli, and Larue started a conversation. The class is fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1550
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Murchison is a motaswer. Ladson is a spacter. Hoehn is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Delorme is an onner. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the local talk, Ladson, Delorme, Hoehn, and Murchison met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1551
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Schuck is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Latour is a gladiower. Blinn is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Yearwood is a ceeper. At the food festival, Latour, Yearwood, Schuck, and Blinn met. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1552
Desautels is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Maness is a cluker. Montoya is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Longstreet is a fangher. At the garden, Montoya, Longstreet, Maness, and Desautels met. The park is super crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1553
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mcnair is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ryman is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Miyashiro is a cluker. Borman is a dymer. Ryman, Miyashiro, Borman, and Mcnair met at the library. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1554
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Knudson is an oterer. Antunes is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Finegan is a cluker. Wedel is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the garden, Wedel, Knudson, Finegan, and Antunes met. The park looks nice. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1555
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Leday is a mornisdeiver. Belote is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hackney is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hearon is an oterer. At the music and art festival, Hearon, Belote, Leday, and Hackney met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1556
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Kinkel is a motaswer. Morales is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Orton is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Parkhill is an onner. At the food co-op, Orton, Kinkel, Parkhill, and Morales started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1557
Bashaw is a turper. Holloman is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Blaney is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Froman is an ointer. At the yoga class, Blaney, Froman, Bashaw, and Holloman connected. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1558
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Wortman is a turper. Zou is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Curlee is an onner. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Morelos is a ceeper. At the market, Curlee, Morelos, Zou, and Wortman ran into each other. The market is open to all genders and ages. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1559
Rideout is a pinwer. Hennis is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Weigel is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lechuga is an ointer. Hennis, Weigel, Rideout, and Lechuga met at the yoga class. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. Ey told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1560
Chojnacki is a mornisdeiver. Safford is an orgemier. Olivieri is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Riccardi is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the cooking class, Chojnacki, Olivieri, Safford, and Riccardi met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1561
Frasca is a wenbumber. Sundberg is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Husted is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Wiest is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Husted, Sundberg, Wiest, and Frasca met at the beer making classes. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1562
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dent is a quarancer. Rather is a pinwer. Santistevan is a fangher. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Busse is an intensier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the comic book expo, Busse, Santistevan, Rather, and Dent ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1563
Swihart is a quarancer. Blaney is a turper. Kahler is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Pape is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the commuter bus, Blaney, Pape, Kahler, and Swihart started a conversation. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1564
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ito is a ceeper. Swihart is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Azam is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Bekele is an oterer. At the high intensity class, Azam, Ito, Bekele, and Swihart ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1565
Yin is a turper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pulver is a cluker. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Laursen is a fangher. Mcnerney is an oterer. Mcnerney, Laursen, Pulver, and Yin met at the local talk. The event is still underway. They reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1566
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Lohse is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Millsaps is a mornisdeiver. Gayden is a dymer. Dimatteo is a spacter. At the music and art festival, Millsaps, Lohse, Gayden, and Dimatteo ran into each other. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1567
Fertig is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Dollar is a pinwer. Rozell is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Irvine is an orgemier. At the car show, Rozell, Irvine, Dollar, and Fertig connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1568
Wacker is an orgemier. Hemmer is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sleeper is an oterer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Mccully is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the street fair, Mccully, Hemmer, Wacker, and Sleeper started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1569
Pedrosa is a wenbumber. Johansson is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Peele is a spacter. Dahl is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the market, Johansson, Dahl, Peele, and Pedrosa connected. The market is divided into sub-markets. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1570
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Enders is an oterer. Waldner is a ceeper. Theus is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Whelan is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the comic book expo, Theus, Waldner, Enders, and Whelan started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1571
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Lobb is a turper. Pile is a wenbumber. Kitts is an ointer. Lemoine is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the beer making classes, Lemoine, Pile, Kitts, and Lobb connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ze told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1572
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Heredia is a turper. Smits is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Summerall is a quarancer. Culler is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the garden, Smits, Summerall, Culler, and Heredia ran into each other. The park has a lot of gardens. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1573
Rudnick is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wilds is an orgemier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Laflamme is a fangher. Meinert is a turper. Meinert, Wilds, Rudnick, and Laflamme met at the high intensity class. Each session teaches a different theme. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1574
Westberg is a patalcer. Brown is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Wechsler is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Fryer is a turper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the cooking class, Wechsler, Fryer, Westberg, and Brown started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1575
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Visconti is a ceeper. Parry is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Withrow is an oterer. Valdivia is an orgemier. At the food festival, Valdivia, Parry, Visconti, and Withrow met. It is open to the public. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1576
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Osborn is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Beggs is a pinwer. Than is an intensier. Malinowski is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the beer making classes, Beggs, Osborn, Than, and Malinowski connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1577
Walls is a cluker. Harkey is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Burgett is a motaswer. Degennaro is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the high intensity class, Degennaro, Harkey, Burgett, and Walls ran into each other. Classes teach new things every week. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1578
Worsham is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Quirk is a quarancer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Gorham is an onner. Topete is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the food festival, Topete, Worsham, Quirk, and Gorham met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1579
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Noda is a fangher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Rath is a jesher. Freitas is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Shanley is a motaswer. At the food co-op, Rath, Shanley, Noda, and Freitas met. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1580
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gilmour is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gatica is a jogunder. Rasor is a wenbumber. Servantes is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the birthday party, Servantes, Gilmour, Gatica, and Rasor started a conversation. The party is free entry for everyone. They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1581
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Betz is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Minich is a gladiower. Lung is a mornisdeiver. Wolfer is a cluker. At the charity run, Betz, Wolfer, Minich, and Lung started a conversation. There is a lot of space to play games here. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1582
Polston is an intensier. Goldsberry is an onner. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Heinen is a dymer. Zellmer is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the stadium, Heinen, Polston, Zellmer, and Goldsberry started a conversation. A lot of games have many different endings. They reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1583
Machin is a quarancer. Erving is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Flavin is a ceeper. Theroux is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the food festival, Theroux, Flavin, Machin, and Erving met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1584
Goin is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Reichert is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Hunnicutt is an orgemier. Madewell is a fangher. At the carpool, Hunnicutt, Reichert, Madewell, and Goin met. Public transports are affordable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1585
Pineiro is an onner. Westrick is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mizell is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Venegas is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the library, Westrick, Pineiro, Venegas, and Mizell ran into each other. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1586
Wittmann is a turper. Rossignol is an oterer. Propst is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Thomsen is a quarancer. At the theater festival, Wittmann, Rossignol, Thomsen, and Propst started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1587
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Couto is a cluker. Buda is a motaswer. Suits is a wenbumber. Greenwalt is a turper. Greenwalt, Buda, Suits, and Couto met at the stadium. There is a lot of space to play games here. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1588
Hamman is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Engle is an intensier. Rogowski is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Spindler is an orgemier. Engle, Spindler, Hamman, and Rogowski met at the high intensity class. Each session teaches a different theme. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1589
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dicus is a wenbumber. Frazer is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Arwood is a cluker. Chua is an ointer. At the street fair, Chua, Arwood, Frazer, and Dicus connected. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1590
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ellingson is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Delaluz is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sande is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Rein is a dymer. At the school sports event, Rein, Sande, Ellingson, and Delaluz ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1591
Luton is a patalcer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Alarcon is an ointer. Cartwright is a turper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Meli is an intensier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the wine tasting, Cartwright, Alarcon, Meli, and Luton connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1592
Gottschalk is a jesher. Clore is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Barbour is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Montes is a motaswer. Clore, Barbour, Montes, and Gottschalk met at the archery class. The class is fun! He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1593
Bjerke is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Canter is a wenbumber. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Baumgarten is a turper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Vanslyke is a patalcer. At the volunteer work, Vanslyke, Bjerke, Baumgarten, and Canter met. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1594
Laclair is a jesher. Bornstein is an oterer. Hoback is an intensier. Fleisher is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the poolside event, Bornstein, Laclair, Hoback, and Fleisher connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1595
Defrancisco is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Martini is a jesher. Geoghegan is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Labra is a wenbumber. Geoghegan, Martini, Defrancisco, and Labra met at the beer making classes. Classes are well organized. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1596
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Busbee is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Moultrie is a ceeper. Zurawski is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Poulton is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the high intensity class, Poulton, Busbee, Moultrie, and Zurawski started a conversation. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1597
Gagnon is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Stein is a pinwer. Lampkins is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lowder is an oterer. At the archery class, Lampkins, Gagnon, Stein, and Lowder met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1598
Barba is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Biller is a spacter. Gholston is a mornisdeiver. Pellot is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the stadium, Barba, Gholston, Biller, and Pellot met. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1599
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Molinaro is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Brunette is a jogunder. Sabala is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Land is a quarancer. At the poolside event, Land, Molinaro, Brunette, and Sabala started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1600
Newby is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mccaslin is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Vesely is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Demaio is a mornisdeiver. Mccaslin, Newby, Vesely, and Demaio met at the archery class. The class has interesting sessions. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1601
Music is a fangher. Carrasco is a spacter. Corbo is a gladiower. Remick is an ointer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the food co-op, Carrasco, Music, Remick, and Corbo ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. They reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1602
Ellenburg is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Ke is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Collar is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Malhotra is a quarancer. At the car show, Ellenburg, Ke, Malhotra, and Collar connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1603
Haga is a jesher. Carone is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Settles is a jogunder. Claggett is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the charity run, Claggett, Settles, Haga, and Carone connected. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1604
Knauf is an onner. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kennerly is a ceeper. Sutherlin is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Clairmont is a jogunder. Clairmont, Knauf, Kennerly, and Sutherlin met at the music and art festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1605
Rivero is a jogunder. Smelser is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Betz is an oterer. Toomey is a ceeper. At the cooking class, Rivero, Betz, Toomey, and Smelser met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1606
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kassab is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Guidry is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dawley is a wenbumber. Napoli is an orgemier. Dawley, Guidry, Kassab, and Napoli met at the open mic night. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1607
Innis is a turper. Veit is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Adkison is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Nascimento is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the food festival, Adkison, Veit, Nascimento, and Innis started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1608
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Nauman is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Cue is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Woolford is a jogunder. Melanson is a turper. Nauman, Woolford, Melanson, and Cue met at the networking event. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1609
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Fontanez is an oterer. Wible is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Weddington is a pinwer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mcknight is an onner. At the yoga class, Wible, Mcknight, Weddington, and Fontanez ran into each other. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1610
Istre is a mornisdeiver. Gammage is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Wardle is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Then is a dymer. At the music and art festival, Istre, Wardle, Gammage, and Then met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1611
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Vanhouten is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Talamantes is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Spates is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Olinger is an orgemier. At the comic book expo, Talamantes, Olinger, Vanhouten, and Spates ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1612
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Figaro is an intensier. Mcguffey is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Stam is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Crompton is a spacter. At the library, Mcguffey, Figaro, Stam, and Crompton ran into each other. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1613
Eppler is a turper. Spady is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Labarge is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mckibben is a mornisdeiver. At the stadium, Eppler, Spady, Mckibben, and Labarge connected. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1614
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Thakur is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Wendland is an ointer. Carney is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Doman is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the boardwalk arcade, Carney, Doman, Wendland, and Thakur met. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1615
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mo is a turper. Vora is a fangher. Roeder is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Malec is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the museum, Mo, Malec, Vora, and Roeder started a conversation. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1616
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Rideout is a dymer. Mikula is a jesher. Fettig is a cluker. Madewell is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the subway, Rideout, Fettig, Mikula, and Madewell connected. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1617
Baynes is a fangher. Beauchamp is a cluker. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gobel is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Desantiago is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the poolside event, Baynes, Gobel, Beauchamp, and Desantiago ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1618
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Ferretti is a wenbumber. Palacios is a cluker. Guinn is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Urzua is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the garden, Palacios, Urzua, Ferretti, and Guinn met. The park is beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1619
Morales is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mannion is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bedford is a fangher. Guevara is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the stadium, Morales, Bedford, Guevara, and Mannion met. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1620
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Richerson is a mornisdeiver. Corning is an onner. Cahoon is a pinwer. Boughton is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the charity run, Cahoon, Boughton, Corning, and Richerson ran into each other. The weather is nice for games today. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1621
Edens is a jogunder. Bednarski is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Fenster is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Moylan is an onner. At the comic book expo, Bednarski, Edens, Moylan, and Fenster started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1622
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Hildebrandt is an ointer. Gayden is a spacter. Wickline is an onner. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Gaillard is a ceeper. At the cooking class, Wickline, Gayden, Hildebrandt, and Gaillard started a conversation. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1623
Kosinski is a quarancer. Panek is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Spohn is a pinwer. Sommerville is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the local reading, Panek, Spohn, Kosinski, and Sommerville ran into each other. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1624
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Panek is an intensier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Pavone is a mornisdeiver. Lis is a cluker. Lesh is an onner. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the stadium, Pavone, Lesh, Panek, and Lis ran into each other. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1625
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Kovacs is a jesher. Erazo is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pereyra is a jogunder. Sills is an intensier. At the music and art festival, Pereyra, Sills, Kovacs, and Erazo started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1626
Weinstein is a turper. Cha is a jogunder. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pigott is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Schacht is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the yoga class, Pigott, Weinstein, Cha, and Schacht met. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1627
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wetherington is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Felter is a quarancer. Yawn is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bucio is a motaswer. At the food co-op, Yawn, Felter, Bucio, and Wetherington met. The food here is very tasty. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1628
Nagle is a turper. Baranowski is an oterer. Lamy is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Edens is a cluker. At the stadium, Nagle, Edens, Baranowski, and Lamy started a conversation. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1629
Fleischer is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Cashin is a pinwer. Martini is a wenbumber. Lall is a cluker. Martini, Cashin, Lall, and Fleischer met at the food festival. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1630
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mccurry is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Clouser is a cluker. Arevalo is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Amidon is a dymer. At the stadium, Clouser, Mccurry, Amidon, and Arevalo met. There is plenty of food to eat here. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1631
Shimabukuro is a turper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Eich is a quarancer. Bufford is a patalcer. Sontag is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the wine tasting, Shimabukuro, Sontag, Bufford, and Eich ran into each other. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1632
Runk is a fangher. Hartsell is a cluker. Casco is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Guyer is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the commuter bus, Casco, Hartsell, Runk, and Guyer started a conversation. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1633
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Ros is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Wiebe is an onner. Kramp is a patalcer. Carone is a dymer. At the school sports event, Kramp, Wiebe, Carone, and Ros connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1634
Baxley is a motaswer. Totten is a spacter. Cutrer is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Voyles is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the market, Voyles, Baxley, Cutrer, and Totten connected. The market is a big source of income for many people. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1635
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Colligan is a gladiower. Munoz is an orgemier. Yarger is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bessette is a patalcer. At the volunteer work, Munoz, Colligan, Bessette, and Yarger connected. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1636
Hoadley is a patalcer. Gorney is an intensier. Pressman is a pinwer. Capel is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the theme park, Pressman, Capel, Gorney, and Hoadley started a conversation. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1637
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kuiper is a ceeper. Gallant is an orgemier. Mebane is an oterer. Sweat is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mebane, Kuiper, Sweat, and Gallant met at the rideshare. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1638
Buendia is an ointer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mccombs is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Camargo is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pane is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the local reading, Mccombs, Pane, Buendia, and Camargo started a conversation. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. Ze reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1639
Arenas is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hurtt is a turper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Kettler is an intensier. Heitkamp is a jogunder. At the networking event, Arenas, Heitkamp, Kettler, and Hurtt connected. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1640
Sigler is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Savarese is an intensier. Morelos is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Wanner is a fangher. At the charity run, Sigler, Morelos, Savarese, and Wanner ran into each other. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1641
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Alcock is a turper. Kiss is a ceeper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Blizzard is a wenbumber. Friedrichs is a jogunder. At the carpool, Friedrichs, Blizzard, Alcock, and Kiss ran into each other. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1642
Freeland is an onner. Ulery is a fangher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Lamm is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Salsman is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the wedding, Lamm, Salsman, Ulery, and Freeland connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1643
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Nogueira is an onner. Kosinski is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Ontiveros is a turper. Fleckenstein is a fangher. At the networking event, Fleckenstein, Ontiveros, Nogueira, and Kosinski met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1644
Daddario is an oterer. Vargas is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bunger is a mornisdeiver. Rathbun is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the charity run, Bunger, Daddario, Rathbun, and Vargas connected. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1645
Kalinowski is a turper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Eades is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Dye is a mornisdeiver. Bontrager is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the archery class, Dye, Eades, Bontrager, and Kalinowski met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1646
Flaherty is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Benavente is a patalcer. Hasler is a wenbumber. Gallaway is an ointer. At the rideshare, Gallaway, Flaherty, Hasler, and Benavente met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1647
Barrientos is a gladiower. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Ewing is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Enochs is a motaswer. Hearne is an onner. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the carpool, Hearne, Barrientos, Enochs, and Ewing started a conversation. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. Ey reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1648
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcelhaney is an ointer. Mizell is a jesher. Rybak is a pinwer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hershman is a turper. At the market, Mizell, Mcelhaney, Rybak, and Hershman ran into each other. The market is open to all genders and ages. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1649
Hiner is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Heinlein is a fangher. Lind is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Durrant is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Heinlein, Lind, Durrant, and Hiner met at the poolside event. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1650
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lingenfelter is an oterer. Meares is a wenbumber. Hoeppner is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sullins is a dymer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the specialty retail store, Hoeppner, Lingenfelter, Meares, and Sullins ran into each other. Markets are full of surprises! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1651
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Okane is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lemire is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Glasser is an oterer. Clem is a wenbumber. Glasser, Clem, Okane, and Lemire met at the street fair. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1652
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Shofner is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Madrigal is a patalcer. Norton is a dymer. Coburn is a motaswer. Shofner, Madrigal, Coburn, and Norton met at the comic book expo. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1653
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Vargas is a fangher. Minter is a patalcer. Emrich is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Shuttleworth is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the cooking class, Vargas, Shuttleworth, Minter, and Emrich ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1654
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Paiva is a mornisdeiver. Donegan is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Rodman is an orgemier. Helvey is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the private club, Helvey, Donegan, Rodman, and Paiva connected. The atmosphere was nice. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1655
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Taranto is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Spates is a jogunder. Rybak is a ceeper. Wimbush is a quarancer. At the birthday party, Spates, Wimbush, Rybak, and Taranto ran into each other. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1656
Grams is a turper. Lower is a gladiower. Giusti is an oterer. Cheatwood is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Giusti, Cheatwood, Lower, and Grams met at the cooking class. Classes teach new things every week. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1657
Scudder is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Belden is an intensier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bruning is a gladiower. Uriostegui is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Bruning, Belden, Uriostegui, and Scudder connected. There is a lot of space to play games here. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1658
Kopp is a quarancer. Lucente is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Pepin is a spacter. Hord is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the commuter bus, Kopp, Hord, Pepin, and Lucente ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1659
Banuelos is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Holleran is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kopec is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Worcester is an intensier. At the theater festival, Banuelos, Holleran, Worcester, and Kopec met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1660
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Shapiro is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mcpeek is a cluker. Nauman is a gladiower. Lavigne is an ointer. At the boardwalk arcade, Nauman, Mcpeek, Shapiro, and Lavigne ran into each other. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1661
Cheatwood is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Finklea is an oterer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Beran is a dymer. Moye is a fangher. At the boardwalk arcade, Moye, Cheatwood, Beran, and Finklea ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1662
Spiva is a wenbumber. Cockrum is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Perlman is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Thomson is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the food co-op, Cockrum, Perlman, Spiva, and Thomson started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1663
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Roa is a spacter. Spooner is a jesher. Hartfield is a cluker. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Bartling is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the poolside event, Spooner, Roa, Bartling, and Hartfield ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1664
Hatt is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Artiaga is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Modica is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Burdine is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the theater festival, Hatt, Burdine, Artiaga, and Modica met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1665
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Deangelis is an oterer. Foltz is a quarancer. Stanko is a wenbumber. Vora is an ointer. At the volunteer work, Foltz, Stanko, Vora, and Deangelis ran into each other. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1666
Greenwald is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Alderman is a motaswer. Brogden is a spacter. Defazio is an ointer. At the food festival, Brogden, Alderman, Defazio, and Greenwald connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1667
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Holleran is a dymer. Bouldin is a mornisdeiver. Yingling is a turper. Eaton is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the library, Yingling, Eaton, Holleran, and Bouldin started a conversation. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1668
Nevels is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Wolverton is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Stam is an orgemier. Breen is a patalcer. At the local talk, Wolverton, Stam, Breen, and Nevels met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1669
Creekmore is a cluker. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dyess is a ceeper. Bostic is an intensier. Shreve is a patalcer. At the local talk, Bostic, Creekmore, Dyess, and Shreve connected. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1670
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Penwell is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Roquemore is an oterer. Bowker is a dymer. Betz is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the birthday party, Penwell, Roquemore, Bowker, and Betz connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1671
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Matuszak is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Campion is an intensier. Slone is a jesher. Huezo is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the birthday party, Huezo, Matuszak, Campion, and Slone started a conversation. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1672
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sennett is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Craft is a jesher. Spiker is a mornisdeiver. Marquart is a ceeper. At the volunteer work, Spiker, Sennett, Craft, and Marquart connected. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1673
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Olivarez is a spacter. Villalpando is a jesher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Paynter is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Deanda is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Villalpando, Olivarez, Deanda, and Paynter met at the local reading. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1674
Tatro is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Kappel is a quarancer. Keebler is a ceeper. Beddingfield is a motaswer. At the garden, Keebler, Tatro, Beddingfield, and Kappel met. The park is beautiful. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1675
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Raskin is a patalcer. Bateman is an onner. Stack is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hiebert is a jogunder. At the wedding, Bateman, Hiebert, Stack, and Raskin connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1676
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Niu is a cluker. Licht is a quarancer. Olesen is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Easterwood is a dymer. At the open mic night, Niu, Licht, Easterwood, and Olesen connected. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1677
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mcclintock is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Moyes is a cluker. Lauver is a turper. Mahajan is a pinwer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the comic book expo, Moyes, Lauver, Mahajan, and Mcclintock met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1678
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Maiorano is a turper. Hunnicutt is a wenbumber. Langlais is an orgemier. Ponder is an intensier. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the car show, Hunnicutt, Maiorano, Ponder, and Langlais started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1679
Laing is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pon is an intensier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Gothard is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Reiff is an onner. At the private club, Laing, Gothard, Reiff, and Pon ran into each other. The food here is very tasty. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1680
Leedy is an ointer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pai is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Tapper is a motaswer. Pichardo is a jesher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the wine tasting, Pai, Tapper, Pichardo, and Leedy started a conversation. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1681
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Maiorano is a ceeper. Darr is a turper. Matzke is a gladiower. Mcgeehan is a patalcer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the specialty retail store, Darr, Matzke, Maiorano, and Mcgeehan connected. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1682
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Brust is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Radel is a quarancer. Hatter is a turper. Mullenix is a spacter. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the street fair, Radel, Mullenix, Brust, and Hatter met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1683
Guidry is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Dry is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Vollmer is a wenbumber. Mancino is a cluker. At the stadium, Guidry, Mancino, Dry, and Vollmer connected. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1684
Antunes is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wroblewski is an oterer. Banfield is a jogunder. Cottrill is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the music and art festival, Wroblewski, Cottrill, Banfield, and Antunes connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1685
Lowrie is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dupont is a jesher. Wetherington is an ointer. Mahr is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the car show, Mahr, Lowrie, Dupont, and Wetherington started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1686
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Sills is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kittrell is a wenbumber. Scudder is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bower is a ceeper. At the charity run, Sills, Kittrell, Bower, and Scudder connected. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1687
Santillan is a jesher. Sarno is a wenbumber. Newburn is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Napoles is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sarno, Santillan, Newburn, and Napoles met at the food festival. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1688
Prichard is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Delafuente is a quarancer. Eaton is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Martindale is an ointer. At the carpool, Delafuente, Eaton, Prichard, and Martindale ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1689
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Soderstrom is an intensier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Jimenez is a cluker. Traore is a jesher. Merz is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the commuter bus, Jimenez, Soderstrom, Merz, and Traore connected. Public transports are eco-friendly. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1690
Oreilly is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bechtel is a fangher. Hentges is an orgemier. Pohl is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the commuter bus, Hentges, Oreilly, Pohl, and Bechtel ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1691
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Spaeth is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Haring is a pinwer. Grieve is a fangher. Zamorano is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Haring, Spaeth, Grieve, and Zamorano met at the music and art festival. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1692
Sarkissian is a motaswer. Zeledon is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hallum is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Heaney is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Zeledon, Sarkissian, Hallum, and Heaney met at the subway. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1693
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Rossiter is an orgemier. Suber is a pinwer. Goldschmidt is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Minter is an intensier. At the wedding, Goldschmidt, Suber, Rossiter, and Minter met. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1694
Loman is a gladiower. Carpentier is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bouma is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Saylors is a quarancer. At the street fair, Saylors, Bouma, Loman, and Carpentier met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1695
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Pascoe is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mercurio is a quarancer. Vergara is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Czerwinski is an onner. At the specialty retail store, Mercurio, Czerwinski, Vergara, and Pascoe ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1696
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wendland is an orgemier. Caddell is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Bale is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Highley is a fangher. At the theme park, Bale, Caddell, Wendland, and Highley started a conversation. There are different varieties of plants here! She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1697
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Lafountain is a fangher. Lund is an orgemier. Guevara is a jesher. Henze is an ointer. At the theme park, Henze, Lafountain, Lund, and Guevara connected. The park is very green and refreshing. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1698
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Pazmino is a wenbumber. Cavanaugh is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Carwile is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Steveson is a fangher. Steveson, Carwile, Cavanaugh, and Pazmino met at the yoga class. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1699
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Broadwell is a quarancer. Olivares is a ceeper. Lichtenberg is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Benefield is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Broadwell, Benefield, Lichtenberg, and Olivares met at the beer making classes. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1700
Zuniga is a fangher. Worden is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Beckner is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hayner is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the food festival, Hayner, Worden, Beckner, and Zuniga started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1701
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Leath is a mornisdeiver. Rosales is a motaswer. Pascarella is a turper. Thomsen is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Leath, Pascarella, Rosales, and Thomsen met at the open mic night. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1702
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Rentas is an orgemier. Blose is a gladiower. Wasik is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Boose is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Blose, Boose, Wasik, and Rentas met at the local talk. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1703
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Kautz is a motaswer. Mckiernan is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Duvall is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bazzi is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the music and art festival, Kautz, Mckiernan, Duvall, and Bazzi connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1704
Touchette is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Kimbler is a jesher. Klingler is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Getman is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Kimbler, Klingler, Touchette, and Getman met at the cooking class. Classes provide fun and challenge. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1705
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Sande is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Sutcliffe is an oterer. Beil is a motaswer. Mcmillian is a spacter. At the library, Mcmillian, Beil, Sutcliffe, and Sande started a conversation. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1706
Allende is a jesher. Geier is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Rath is a fangher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Whitely is a cluker. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the theater festival, Geier, Whitely, Allende, and Rath met. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1707
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Cantley is a fangher. Channell is a pinwer. Vanwagner is an onner. Gullickson is a turper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the food co-op, Cantley, Vanwagner, Gullickson, and Channell ran into each other. The food here is very tasty. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1708
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ausmus is a ceeper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Winchester is a turper. Grabowski is a patalcer. Giguere is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the private club, Ausmus, Giguere, Winchester, and Grabowski met. The beer is excellent. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1709
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Burchfield is an orgemier. Fawcett is a cluker. Markovich is a motaswer. Loesch is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the rideshare, Burchfield, Markovich, Loesch, and Fawcett met. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1710
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Voorhies is a motaswer. Hearne is an onner. Olander is an oterer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Tilford is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the museum, Tilford, Voorhies, Hearne, and Olander started a conversation. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1711
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dvorak is a quarancer. Matta is a pinwer. Loftus is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Petrov is a wenbumber. Petrov, Dvorak, Matta, and Loftus met at the yoga class. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1712
Palomino is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rentas is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Barre is an intensier. Mcgeehan is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the garden, Rentas, Mcgeehan, Palomino, and Barre met. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1713
Masters is an intensier. Gober is an orgemier. Mckissack is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Langworthy is a jesher. At the high intensity class, Masters, Langworthy, Gober, and Mckissack ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1714
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Brawn is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Nickols is an ointer. Vanslyke is a turper. Buettner is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the poolside event, Nickols, Vanslyke, Brawn, and Buettner met. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1715
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Harrelson is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Stair is a fangher. Stancil is a dymer. Jalbert is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the stadium, Jalbert, Stancil, Stair, and Harrelson met. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1716
Lafontaine is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Pupo is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Calhoon is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Pina is a quarancer. At the specialty retail store, Pupo, Pina, Lafontaine, and Calhoon met. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1717
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wilds is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Dorn is an intensier. Shevlin is a spacter. Kropf is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Shevlin, Dorn, Wilds, and Kropf met at the birthday party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1718
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Grieco is a ceeper. Trieu is a cluker. Quiles is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Matus is a pinwer. At the local talk, Quiles, Matus, Trieu, and Grieco connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1719
Wiedemann is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Wesolowski is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Langham is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Ewing is a jesher. At the specialty retail store, Ewing, Langham, Wiedemann, and Wesolowski met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1720
Depaz is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Shortt is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Roa is a fangher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lindblom is a dymer. At the boardwalk arcade, Shortt, Lindblom, Depaz, and Roa met. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1721
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Witty is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Beringer is an orgemier. Andreasen is a spacter. Despain is a jesher. Andreasen, Despain, Witty, and Beringer met at the commuter bus. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1722
Prall is a fangher. Nester is a quarancer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Arenas is an onner. Faison is a mornisdeiver. At the networking event, Nester, Faison, Arenas, and Prall connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1723
Schrader is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Knobloch is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Lauzon is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Molnar is a dymer. At the specialty retail store, Schrader, Lauzon, Knobloch, and Molnar connected. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1724
Bolding is an orgemier. Bunger is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Sanger is a dymer. Larock is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the street fair, Bolding, Larock, Sanger, and Bunger connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1725
Sons is a patalcer. Mcconnell is a turper. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Mutter is a spacter. Lobo is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Lobo, Mcconnell, Mutter, and Sons started a conversation. It is fun to play here. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1726
Olinger is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ramsden is a pinwer. Gregoire is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Rustad is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the car show, Olinger, Ramsden, Rustad, and Gregoire ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1727
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Celis is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Dallman is a dymer. Gebhardt is a turper. Egger is an ointer. At the volunteer work, Celis, Egger, Dallman, and Gebhardt connected. A hurricane or other natural calamity can be a good reason to volunteer at a charity center. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1728
Spurlin is a jesher. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Slover is a patalcer. Minich is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Nisbet is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the food co-op, Nisbet, Spurlin, Minich, and Slover ran into each other. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1729
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Warford is a wenbumber. Kong is a patalcer. Estell is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Trego is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the market, Estell, Warford, Kong, and Trego started a conversation. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1730
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rickman is an oterer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Gall is a spacter. Vass is an onner. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Studer is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the subway, Gall, Rickman, Vass, and Studer met. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1731
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Visconti is an oterer. Jasso is an ointer. Malhotra is a quarancer. Albee is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the open mic night, Albee, Visconti, Malhotra, and Jasso started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1732
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lopezhernandez is a pinwer. Broach is a dymer. Carmean is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bivens is a spacter. At the volunteer work, Carmean, Bivens, Lopezhernandez, and Broach met. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1733
Polen is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lashbrook is an oterer. Wafer is a turper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Trivett is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the library, Wafer, Polen, Lashbrook, and Trivett started a conversation. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1734
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Dallman is a pinwer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mckeever is an intensier. Krout is a fangher. Yowell is a turper. Krout, Dallman, Yowell, and Mckeever met at the carpool. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1735
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lofland is a jogunder. Drayer is a dymer. Koroma is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Godby is an ointer. At the wine tasting, Koroma, Drayer, Godby, and Lofland started a conversation. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1736
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Sirianni is a quarancer. Jurado is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Sletten is an intensier. Plotkin is an oterer. At the comic book expo, Jurado, Sletten, Plotkin, and Sirianni ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1737
Epp is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Auclair is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Pharris is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hawn is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the library, Pharris, Auclair, Hawn, and Epp ran into each other. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. Ze reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1738
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Whitby is a ceeper. Muniz is an onner. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Osburn is an intensier. Mcvicker is an oterer. Osburn, Muniz, Whitby, and Mcvicker met at the birthday party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. They reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1739
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Campion is a fangher. Pico is a mornisdeiver. Almonte is an intensier. Armendariz is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Campion, Armendariz, Almonte, and Pico met at the food festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1740
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Brodersen is a jogunder. Gullett is a mornisdeiver. Saylors is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Posada is a gladiower. At the stadium, Brodersen, Saylors, Gullett, and Posada connected. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1741
Staples is a jesher. Sacks is a gladiower. Theriot is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Tu is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Theriot, Sacks, Staples, and Tu met at the yoga class. The class starts with a warm - up session. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1742
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Krumm is a spacter. Carrasco is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bouck is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mounce is a mornisdeiver. At the birthday party, Mounce, Carrasco, Krumm, and Bouck connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1743
Stam is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mcgeorge is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Eckman is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mantooth is a jogunder. At the local talk, Mcgeorge, Eckman, Mantooth, and Stam ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1744
Mckeever is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Oregel is an orgemier. Balentine is a spacter. Gaertner is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Oregel, Mckeever, Balentine, and Gaertner met at the archery class. The class is fun! He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1745
Dodds is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Alas is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Bonin is a wenbumber. Villalva is a jogunder. Villalva, Dodds, Bonin, and Alas met at the yoga class. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1746
Spivak is a quarancer. Shifflett is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Spain is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Oleary is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the wedding, Spivak, Shifflett, Oleary, and Spain met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1747
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Miramontes is an orgemier. Hanlon is a quarancer. Fabre is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Knights is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the archery class, Fabre, Miramontes, Hanlon, and Knights ran into each other. It's a huge place! She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1748
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Fortson is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Mcneilly is an onner. Dimatteo is a patalcer. Mcguffey is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the archery class, Dimatteo, Fortson, Mcguffey, and Mcneilly connected. The class is fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1749
Lally is a quarancer. Darrow is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Fly is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Buchanan is an intensier. Lally, Fly, Darrow, and Buchanan met at the cooking class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1750
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lozier is a pinwer. Touchette is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Oppenheimer is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Brunell is a quarancer. At the wine tasting, Oppenheimer, Touchette, Brunell, and Lozier started a conversation. The coffee tea is great. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1751
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Currey is a gladiower. Peeler is an oterer. Murakami is a motaswer. Meldrum is an onner. At the street fair, Murakami, Meldrum, Currey, and Peeler ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1752
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lebeau is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Marmon is a spacter. Cevallos is an ointer. Tomlinson is a motaswer. At the library, Cevallos, Lebeau, Marmon, and Tomlinson ran into each other. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1753
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Zhen is a patalcer. Kapoor is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Cuadrado is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Estrada is an orgemier. At the wine tasting, Estrada, Kapoor, Zhen, and Cuadrado connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1754
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Waldrop is a cluker. Coatney is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Stroh is an intensier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Wester is a gladiower. At the local talk, Waldrop, Wester, Stroh, and Coatney met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1755
Kincer is a ceeper. Dermody is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Durrant is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kopp is a mornisdeiver. At the wine tasting, Dermody, Kincer, Kopp, and Durrant started a conversation. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1756
Guerrier is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stepanek is a turper. Kral is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tolar is a ceeper. At the market, Stepanek, Guerrier, Tolar, and Kral started a conversation. The market is a big source of income for many people. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1757
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Wehrle is an oterer. Steelman is a jogunder. Graves is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Byrns is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the subway, Wehrle, Steelman, Byrns, and Graves met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1758
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gelman is an onner. Rosemond is a pinwer. Shuman is an orgemier. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Toles is a cluker. At the boardwalk arcade, Gelman, Rosemond, Shuman, and Toles met. There is a lot of space to play games here. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1759
Busbee is a pinwer. Sennett is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Grabowski is an ointer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Schooley is a dymer. At the school sports event, Busbee, Grabowski, Schooley, and Sennett ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1760
Kifer is a motaswer. Wiedeman is a jesher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Breckenridge is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bashaw is an oterer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the high intensity class, Bashaw, Kifer, Wiedeman, and Breckenridge started a conversation. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1761
Schuck is a quarancer. Chery is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Baxley is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Leday is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the stadium, Schuck, Leday, Chery, and Baxley connected. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1762
Hinderliter is an intensier. Fisk is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Demaio is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Tooker is an onner. At the local reading, Fisk, Demaio, Hinderliter, and Tooker connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1763
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stonge is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Belote is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bhat is a ceeper. Mcconnell is a mornisdeiver. At the specialty retail store, Bhat, Belote, Stonge, and Mcconnell ran into each other. The market is a big source of income for many people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1764
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Wafer is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Aikens is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Defranco is a mornisdeiver. Villareal is an ointer. At the boardwalk arcade, Wafer, Defranco, Villareal, and Aikens ran into each other. It is fun to play here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1765
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Towers is an ointer. Inouye is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Ziegler is a fangher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Goertz is a spacter. Inouye, Goertz, Ziegler, and Towers met at the garden. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1766
Cantley is an ointer. Pino is a ceeper. Lillis is a pinwer. Sedlak is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the subway, Pino, Sedlak, Lillis, and Cantley connected. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1767
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Petrucci is a wenbumber. Boman is a mornisdeiver. Felt is a cluker. Thaler is an onner. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Boman, Felt, Thaler, and Petrucci met at the market. Markets are usually crowded. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1768
Molnar is a fangher. Fagan is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Carabajal is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Dollar is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the poolside event, Fagan, Molnar, Carabajal, and Dollar connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1769
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Christenson is a patalcer. Filson is a dymer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Biro is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Barefoot is a spacter. At the archery class, Filson, Biro, Christenson, and Barefoot met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1770
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Branstetter is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lintz is a jogunder. Shifflett is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rein is an ointer. Branstetter, Rein, Lintz, and Shifflett met at the garden. The park looks nice. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1771
Talbert is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hoback is a pinwer. Getman is a jesher. Rolon is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the carpool, Talbert, Hoback, Getman, and Rolon ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1772
Grasso is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Reiff is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Claar is a quarancer. Stroh is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the theme park, Grasso, Reiff, Stroh, and Claar met. The park is very peaceful. Ey told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1773
Crivello is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Rayo is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Alvardo is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Applewhite is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rayo, Crivello, Applewhite, and Alvardo met at the charity run. The weather is nice for games today. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1774
Goodrich is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mazzarella is a dymer. Slezak is a pinwer. Foskey is an intensier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the beer making classes, Mazzarella, Goodrich, Slezak, and Foskey met. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1775
Spaulding is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Shiflett is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hubbs is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wilkens is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the rideshare, Spaulding, Hubbs, Wilkens, and Shiflett ran into each other. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1776
Dimaio is a ceeper. Alberson is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Galindez is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rothenberger is an orgemier. At the school sports event, Galindez, Dimaio, Rothenberger, and Alberson met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1777
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hellman is a turper. Chevalier is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Myhre is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Holter is a gladiower. At the private club, Chevalier, Myhre, Hellman, and Holter ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1778
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Tice is a mornisdeiver. Schreck is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Folger is an onner. Christner is a quarancer. At the yoga studio, Folger, Tice, Christner, and Schreck connected. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1779
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Obando is a gladiower. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Entrekin is a turper. Shinn is an ointer. Zurawski is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the garden, Zurawski, Obando, Entrekin, and Shinn connected. The park has many plants and flowers. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1780
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gayer is a spacter. Howley is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Binns is a motaswer. Heap is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gayer, Binns, Heap, and Howley met at the yoga studio. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1781
Dame is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Prado is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Applegate is a quarancer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mckissack is a ceeper. At the commuter bus, Mckissack, Applegate, Prado, and Dame met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1782
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Couto is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Messina is an oterer. Franzen is a jesher. Grigg is a wenbumber. Franzen, Messina, Couto, and Grigg met at the subway. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1783
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Behling is an ointer. Dufrene is a jogunder. Uecker is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sawyers is an intensier. At the street fair, Behling, Dufrene, Sawyers, and Uecker connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1784
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kaltenbach is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Worthey is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lemaster is an orgemier. Retzlaff is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the school sports event, Lemaster, Worthey, Kaltenbach, and Retzlaff started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1785
Diaz is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Blaser is a wenbumber. Carini is a motaswer. Simard is a cluker. At the wedding, Simard, Diaz, Blaser, and Carini connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1786
Shimabukuro is a jesher. Sieg is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Evins is a turper. Macedo is a ceeper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the high intensity class, Shimabukuro, Sieg, Evins, and Macedo met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1787
Novello is a ceeper. Beedle is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Aldinger is a jesher. Gill is a spacter. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the specialty retail store, Gill, Novello, Beedle, and Aldinger ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1788
Clemmons is a turper. Coppage is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Curd is an oterer. Peach is an intensier. At the market, Clemmons, Peach, Curd, and Coppage connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1789
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Layfield is a mornisdeiver. Bahl is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Cienfuegos is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Esquibel is a turper. At the yoga class, Bahl, Cienfuegos, Layfield, and Esquibel met. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1790
Gautreau is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. France is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Degennaro is a pinwer. Fontenot is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the local reading, Fontenot, Gautreau, France, and Degennaro ran into each other. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1791
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Nuzzo is a gladiower. Mcgahan is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Vaz is a quarancer. Beckley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the archery class, Vaz, Mcgahan, Beckley, and Nuzzo connected. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1792
Castiglione is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Dickerman is a mornisdeiver. Janke is a spacter. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mulcahy is a dymer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the theme park, Dickerman, Castiglione, Mulcahy, and Janke ran into each other. The park is very peaceful. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1793
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Fisk is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Blauvelt is a jesher. Pinard is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Letendre is a cluker. At the volunteer work, Fisk, Letendre, Blauvelt, and Pinard ran into each other. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1794
Boyett is a cluker. Considine is an onner. Pierrelouis is a quarancer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Wolak is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the subway, Considine, Boyett, Pierrelouis, and Wolak started a conversation. People have different schedules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1795
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Solis is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Terhune is a jogunder. Fifield is a fangher. Legler is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the local reading, Fifield, Terhune, Legler, and Solis ran into each other. There are ways to find the great websites out there. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1796
Rushing is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Korb is a fangher. Birdsall is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Reddick is a gladiower. At the birthday party, Korb, Birdsall, Reddick, and Rushing started a conversation. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1797
Oles is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Esqueda is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Soderberg is a mornisdeiver. Koger is an onner. Esqueda, Oles, Soderberg, and Koger met at the networking event. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1798
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bostwick is a jesher. Treadwell is a turper. Arellano is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lesage is a jogunder. At the comic book expo, Lesage, Treadwell, Arellano, and Bostwick met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1799
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Roll is a cluker. Ke is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Gelinas is a patalcer. Desantiago is a gladiower. At the local talk, Desantiago, Ke, Roll, and Gelinas met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1800
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Macmillan is an onner. Lafleur is a pinwer. Wittmer is a jogunder. Withers is a patalcer. At the yoga class, Lafleur, Macmillan, Withers, and Wittmer connected. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1801
Shumake is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Montalto is a motaswer. Berber is a wenbumber. Midgette is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the garden, Shumake, Berber, Montalto, and Midgette met. The dogs that play here are super cute. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1802
Cobos is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Fails is a jogunder. Comer is a mornisdeiver. Arruda is a patalcer. At the garden, Fails, Comer, Arruda, and Cobos connected. The park is beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1803
Trego is a wenbumber. Bartolome is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Chatman is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Beagle is a turper. At the yoga studio, Beagle, Bartolome, Chatman, and Trego ran into each other. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1804
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Criner is an intensier. Calhoon is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bufford is a fangher. Haviland is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the local talk, Criner, Bufford, Calhoon, and Haviland connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1805
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Oles is an orgemier. Rybak is a motaswer. Freitag is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hagler is a dymer. Freitag, Rybak, Oles, and Hagler met at the car show. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1806
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lieber is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Fuson is a fangher. Mastro is a spacter. Genova is a patalcer. Mastro, Fuson, Lieber, and Genova met at the open mic night. It is open to the public. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1807
Fick is a ceeper. Pomeroy is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Odowd is a wenbumber. Boozer is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Fick, Boozer, Pomeroy, and Odowd met at the car show. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1808
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Kautz is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Escutia is a fangher. Cammack is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Peeler is a patalcer. Cammack, Peeler, Kautz, and Escutia met at the wedding. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1809
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Wisniewski is a pinwer. Mcnamee is a turper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ruffner is an ointer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Bufkin is a cluker. Mcnamee, Wisniewski, Bufkin, and Ruffner met at the food festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1810
Berberich is a spacter. Castaldo is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Zamorano is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Trinh is an orgemier. At the stadium, Zamorano, Berberich, Castaldo, and Trinh ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1811
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Duffey is a motaswer. Vereen is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Wieser is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mangino is a mornisdeiver. At the theater festival, Vereen, Mangino, Wieser, and Duffey connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1812
Quiles is a jogunder. Graddy is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Coplin is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gober is a gladiower. Graddy, Gober, Quiles, and Coplin met at the open mic night. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1813
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cogburn is a dymer. Spradley is a fangher. Schroeder is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Spiker is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the stadium, Schroeder, Spiker, Spradley, and Cogburn connected. The game can be interesting. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1814
Spalding is a quarancer. Sharpe is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dombrowski is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hohl is an oterer. At the local talk, Sharpe, Spalding, Dombrowski, and Hohl started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1815
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Skipworth is a jogunder. Quiles is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Nott is a turper. Deschamps is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Nott, Deschamps, Skipworth, and Quiles started a conversation. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1816
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Willcox is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bruneau is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Topete is a wenbumber. Zeringue is a ceeper. At the birthday party, Zeringue, Willcox, Bruneau, and Topete connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1817
Veres is a spacter. Gong is a wenbumber. Zehnder is an onner. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Durr is a ceeper. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Durr, Gong, Veres, and Zehnder met at the wine tasting. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1818
Westhoff is a dymer. Havens is a spacter. Crivello is a jogunder. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Fishburn is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Havens, Westhoff, Crivello, and Fishburn met at the open mic night. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1819
Cermak is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Walling is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bugg is a gladiower. Iorio is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the market, Cermak, Iorio, Walling, and Bugg ran into each other. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1820
Putt is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Earp is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Lindquist is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Carabajal is a mornisdeiver. At the local talk, Carabajal, Lindquist, Earp, and Putt ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1821
Kok is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Colmenares is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Bones is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Digirolamo is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bones, Digirolamo, Kok, and Colmenares met at the music and art festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1822
Chiu is an intensier. Tischler is a dymer. Claros is a jesher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Chiasson is a cluker. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the comic book expo, Tischler, Claros, Chiasson, and Chiu connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1823
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mo is a fangher. Dematteo is a ceeper. Baltz is a patalcer. Keebler is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the music and art festival, Dematteo, Keebler, Baltz, and Mo ran into each other. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1824
Hanford is a spacter. Remick is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mickle is an onner. Armenta is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the private club, Armenta, Mickle, Remick, and Hanford met. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1825
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bajwa is a dymer. Boley is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lowrance is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Duffin is an orgemier. At the boardwalk arcade, Bajwa, Lowrance, Boley, and Duffin started a conversation. The city is a great place to find something to do. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1826
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lipps is an orgemier. Schuldt is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ryman is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Opp is a turper. Lipps, Ryman, Opp, and Schuldt met at the volunteer work. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1827
Spaulding is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Fonville is a turper. Tellez is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Maginnis is a pinwer. Spaulding, Maginnis, Tellez, and Fonville met at the theme park. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1828
Hitch is an orgemier. Leaman is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Wortman is a dymer. Lappin is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the library, Lappin, Wortman, Leaman, and Hitch ran into each other. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1829
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Butts is a wenbumber. Bommarito is a patalcer. Arnette is a turper. Heintz is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Heintz, Butts, Arnette, and Bommarito met at the specialty retail store. Markets are full of surprises! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1830
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Risley is a fangher. Prevost is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Marson is an onner. Cheng is an orgemier. At the poolside event, Cheng, Marson, Prevost, and Risley met. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1831
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Puryear is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Yoon is a fangher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Samuels is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Groen is a spacter. At the archery class, Yoon, Samuels, Puryear, and Groen started a conversation. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1832
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Perlman is a turper. Stoffel is a pinwer. Dulaney is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Core is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Perlman, Dulaney, Core, and Stoffel met at the private club. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1833
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rosato is a cluker. Borek is an ointer. Markwell is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Pemberton is a turper. At the car show, Rosato, Pemberton, Borek, and Markwell connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1834
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Blakney is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Kunkel is a quarancer. Fauntleroy is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Voyles is an oterer. At the market, Voyles, Blakney, Kunkel, and Fauntleroy met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. Ey reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1835
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lieu is a turper. Soe is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Saini is a quarancer. Napoles is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lieu, Saini, Soe, and Napoles met at the cooking class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. Ey reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1836
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Rudnick is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Punch is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Padden is a motaswer. Galiano is a wenbumber. At the street fair, Padden, Galiano, Rudnick, and Punch ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1837
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Speight is an onner. Sharpe is a motaswer. Hayman is a fangher. Meeker is a mornisdeiver. At the birthday party, Hayman, Speight, Sharpe, and Meeker ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1838
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Knudtson is a spacter. Visconti is an onner. Guinan is a dymer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Harewood is an intensier. At the yoga class, Knudtson, Visconti, Guinan, and Harewood ran into each other. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1839
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gambrel is an intensier. Boots is a spacter. Staggs is a dymer. Hackworth is an oterer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the volunteer work, Staggs, Boots, Gambrel, and Hackworth started a conversation. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1840
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Justiniano is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Martinezlopez is a jesher. Rudnick is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Summey is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the music and art festival, Martinezlopez, Justiniano, Rudnick, and Summey ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1841
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Roye is a mornisdeiver. Miceli is a spacter. Bayless is a turper. Tittle is a jesher. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the car show, Tittle, Miceli, Bayless, and Roye ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1842
Manahan is a patalcer. Sieg is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Carty is a motaswer. Lash is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the library, Sieg, Carty, Lash, and Manahan ran into each other. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1843
Aust is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Wint is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Cornwell is an orgemier. Sweat is a jesher. At the theme park, Cornwell, Sweat, Wint, and Aust ran into each other. The park is very peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1844
Tat is a jesher. Chua is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Tapp is an orgemier. Hicks is a dymer. Tapp, Hicks, Chua, and Tat met at the food festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1845
Folger is a ceeper. Santucci is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Gooding is a mornisdeiver. Lumley is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the high intensity class, Lumley, Gooding, Santucci, and Folger started a conversation. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1846
Hayward is an ointer. Cannata is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Shepardson is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Haglund is a patalcer. At the boardwalk arcade, Cannata, Haglund, Shepardson, and Hayward ran into each other. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1847
The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Filler is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Gonsalves is a turper. Lamanna is a motaswer. Kellerman is an orgemier. At the library, Kellerman, Filler, Lamanna, and Gonsalves started a conversation. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1848
Trudell is an onner. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Westerman is an intensier. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Gong is an ointer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Eisenman is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Westerman, Gong, Trudell, and Eisenman met at the volunteer work. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1849
Hittle is a jesher. Rothwell is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Neale is an ointer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sudol is a fangher. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the beer making classes, Neale, Hittle, Sudol, and Rothwell started a conversation. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1850
Steck is a fangher. Quackenbush is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Grimaldi is a dymer. Corado is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Steck, Quackenbush, Corado, and Grimaldi met at the subway. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1851
Parry is an onner. Pagano is an oterer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Buchholz is a dymer. Villarreal is a ceeper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Pagano, Villarreal, Buchholz, and Parry met at the private club. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1852
Theis is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Breen is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Brunton is an ointer. Cantley is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the cooking class, Theis, Cantley, Breen, and Brunton met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1853
Carvalho is a gladiower. Lafontaine is a motaswer. Edlund is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wilmot is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the yoga studio, Wilmot, Carvalho, Lafontaine, and Edlund ran into each other. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1854
New is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Highland is an ointer. Morello is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bardwell is an intensier. Bardwell, Highland, Morello, and New met at the networking event. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1855
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Greenway is an onner. Justiniano is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Speranza is a turper. Crespin is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the street fair, Crespin, Greenway, Speranza, and Justiniano connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1856
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Port is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Cordes is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Kegley is a mornisdeiver. Punch is an oterer. Port, Kegley, Cordes, and Punch met at the local talk. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1857
Tadros is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Berkey is a turper. Toliver is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Lopezperez is a dymer. At the wedding, Lopezperez, Berkey, Toliver, and Tadros started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1858
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rumley is a pinwer. Gale is an intensier. Axelrod is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Borja is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the yoga studio, Rumley, Gale, Axelrod, and Borja started a conversation. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. They reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1859
Tietjen is a gladiower. Touchstone is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Zook is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Beagle is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the private club, Zook, Tietjen, Touchstone, and Beagle started a conversation. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1860
Faucette is an orgemier. Mcdonell is a quarancer. Hennen is a pinwer. Nicoletti is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the theme park, Faucette, Nicoletti, Hennen, and Mcdonell met. The park site for more information about the location. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1861
Byun is a motaswer. Scaggs is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Morphew is an ointer. Lasher is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the yoga studio, Byun, Scaggs, Lasher, and Morphew connected. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1862
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Galaz is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Mcgough is a motaswer. Bartling is an oterer. Nold is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the beer making classes, Nold, Galaz, Mcgough, and Bartling ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1863
Mccune is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Clawson is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Bowles is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Gardener is a cluker. At the wine tasting, Mccune, Bowles, Clawson, and Gardener connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1864
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Stimson is an orgemier. Mcclure is a motaswer. Penna is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Kenney is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the museum, Stimson, Kenney, Penna, and Mcclure connected. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1865
Morlan is a wenbumber. Retzlaff is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Rhoden is a pinwer. Bueno is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the yoga studio, Morlan, Retzlaff, Rhoden, and Bueno connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1866
Downard is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Lemoine is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lafortune is a motaswer. Hammonds is an ointer. At the comic book expo, Hammonds, Lafortune, Downard, and Lemoine connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1867
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Romig is a quarancer. Stoddard is a wenbumber. Mcdonell is an orgemier. Eich is an ointer. At the school sports event, Romig, Eich, Mcdonell, and Stoddard met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1868
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Linke is a fangher. Morgado is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Pointer is a wenbumber. Meister is an ointer. At the cooking class, Pointer, Linke, Meister, and Morgado connected. Each session teaches a different theme. They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1869
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Desai is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ong is an onner. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Boldt is an ointer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Myhre is a jogunder. At the food co-op, Myhre, Desai, Ong, and Boldt connected. The beer is excellent. Ey reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1870
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Kuang is a jogunder. Egli is a patalcer. Blackford is a turper. Ambrosio is a mornisdeiver. Kuang, Blackford, Egli, and Ambrosio met at the garden. The park site for more information about the location. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1871
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Monsalve is a ceeper. Goudreau is a cluker. Devault is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Burlison is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the car show, Burlison, Monsalve, Devault, and Goudreau ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1872
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Vickrey is a mornisdeiver. Rando is a motaswer. Jaros is an intensier. Munday is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the carpool, Vickrey, Munday, Rando, and Jaros started a conversation. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1873
Brouillette is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cermak is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Brafford is a motaswer. Wardwell is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Cermak, Wardwell, Brafford, and Brouillette met at the comic book expo. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1874
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Murakami is an ointer. Ratchford is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kang is a jesher. Allende is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the networking event, Allende, Murakami, Ratchford, and Kang met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1875
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Rieke is a fangher. Mcnamee is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Auclair is a jesher. Porto is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the specialty retail store, Rieke, Mcnamee, Porto, and Auclair ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1876
Vora is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Ewart is an ointer. Taub is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Laster is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the museum, Taub, Laster, Vora, and Ewart met. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1877
Hofmann is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Samaniego is a motaswer. Guernsey is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Volk is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the rideshare, Samaniego, Volk, Guernsey, and Hofmann connected. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1878
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Garica is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Labbe is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dutra is a jogunder. Nix is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the comic book expo, Dutra, Labbe, Garica, and Nix ran into each other. It is open to the public. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1879
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Garton is a spacter. Cardwell is a cluker. Fuhrman is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Trumble is a pinwer. Cardwell, Trumble, Garton, and Fuhrman met at the museum. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1880
Weibel is an onner. Kirkendall is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Ellwood is a motaswer. Callender is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Callender, Kirkendall, Ellwood, and Weibel met at the poolside event. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1881
Jenkinson is a ceeper. Sinkler is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Kellum is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Kellerman is a dymer. At the comic book expo, Kellerman, Kellum, Jenkinson, and Sinkler ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1882
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Tingler is a gladiower. Tibbetts is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Samaniego is a ceeper. Dakin is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the rideshare, Tingler, Samaniego, Dakin, and Tibbetts started a conversation. The public transports are public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1883
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Schaller is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Schoenberg is a jesher. Curiel is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Radcliffe is a ceeper. Schoenberg, Schaller, Radcliffe, and Curiel met at the commuter bus. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1884
Shiver is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Peeler is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Roll is an oterer. Bouldin is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the theme park, Bouldin, Shiver, Peeler, and Roll ran into each other. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1885
Malec is an onner. Infante is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Stair is an intensier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wigfall is a jogunder. At the birthday party, Malec, Wigfall, Stair, and Infante ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1886
Rideout is a motaswer. Gautreau is a patalcer. Ogorman is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dennard is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the food co-op, Rideout, Dennard, Ogorman, and Gautreau met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1887
Wechsler is a jesher. Wadley is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Reddick is an ointer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Gaillard is a gladiower. At the local reading, Wechsler, Reddick, Gaillard, and Wadley ran into each other. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1888
Weddington is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Stier is an oterer. Lister is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sigler is a ceeper. At the high intensity class, Lister, Sigler, Weddington, and Stier connected. The class has interesting sessions. Ey reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1889
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Caplan is a fangher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Maines is a ceeper. Miyashiro is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rodman is an intensier. At the street fair, Miyashiro, Rodman, Caplan, and Maines started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1890
Perkins is a spacter. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Running is a jesher. Haigler is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kidwell is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the local talk, Kidwell, Perkins, Haigler, and Running connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1891
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Tryon is a quarancer. Valdes is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Shanks is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Macfarland is an intensier. At the cooking class, Tryon, Shanks, Macfarland, and Valdes met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1892
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Darosa is a jesher. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Rabb is a wenbumber. Hui is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hinds is a quarancer. Darosa, Hui, Rabb, and Hinds met at the street fair. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1893
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Seales is an ointer. Sloss is a turper. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Venegas is a dymer. Ketcham is an intensier. At the charity run, Seales, Sloss, Ketcham, and Venegas started a conversation. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1894
Guzzo is an ointer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Blose is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Molinar is an intensier. Montoya is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the school sports event, Blose, Montoya, Guzzo, and Molinar met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1895
Wiedeman is a spacter. Colucci is a jogunder. Baity is a pinwer. Spinks is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the library, Colucci, Baity, Spinks, and Wiedeman connected. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1896
Sacco is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Golightly is a quarancer. Hayashi is a jogunder. Mcdaniel is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the local reading, Mcdaniel, Golightly, Hayashi, and Sacco ran into each other. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1897
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Blakemore is a wenbumber. Stuckey is a quarancer. Hallowell is a gladiower. Rentas is a pinwer. At the archery class, Rentas, Hallowell, Stuckey, and Blakemore ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1898
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Shreve is a pinwer. Naugle is a jogunder. Bielski is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lajoie is a ceeper. Naugle, Lajoie, Shreve, and Bielski met at the rideshare. Public transports are eco-friendly. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1899
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcmiller is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Kinslow is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mehra is a motaswer. Vandehey is an orgemier. At the charity run, Vandehey, Kinslow, Mehra, and Mcmiller met. It is fun to play here. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1900
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Epp is a jogunder. Ozment is a spacter. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Gutierres is a fangher. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Duffy is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. At the food festival, Gutierres, Epp, Ozment, and Duffy met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1901
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Handler is a wenbumber. Espinosa is a dymer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gilligan is an onner. Warnick is an oterer. Espinosa, Gilligan, Warnick, and Handler met at the yoga studio. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1902
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Jasso is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Weibel is a patalcer. Orwig is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Villagrana is a spacter. Weibel, Villagrana, Jasso, and Orwig met at the food festival. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1903
Wester is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sheats is a wenbumber. Mcguffey is a jesher. Figgins is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the yoga studio, Wester, Figgins, Mcguffey, and Sheats started a conversation. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1904
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lesh is a wenbumber. Crabtree is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Linger is a dymer. Sherer is a ceeper. At the car show, Lesh, Sherer, Crabtree, and Linger ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1905
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Grube is a wenbumber. Cothren is a pinwer. Kittelson is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Charboneau is a ceeper. At the birthday party, Grube, Cothren, Kittelson, and Charboneau started a conversation. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1906
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Luedtke is a cluker. Holsey is a fangher. Wipf is a spacter. Dauer is an oterer. At the theme park, Wipf, Holsey, Dauer, and Luedtke met. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1907
Langan is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Nicoletti is a wenbumber. Debusk is a mornisdeiver. Aleman is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the poolside event, Langan, Aleman, Debusk, and Nicoletti connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1908
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Eid is a spacter. Murawski is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lazzara is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hickson is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the wine tasting, Eid, Hickson, Lazzara, and Murawski started a conversation. The place is nice. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1909
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Saha is a dymer. Slifer is a jogunder. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Dunkley is a turper. Hassinger is an orgemier. At the wine tasting, Saha, Dunkley, Hassinger, and Slifer met. The drinks are served on time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1910
The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Bankhead is a fangher. Severt is an ointer. Recinos is an onner. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Sproul is a cluker. At the theater festival, Severt, Sproul, Bankhead, and Recinos connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1911
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Trimm is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Edlund is a wenbumber. Luciani is a quarancer. Mountain is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the beer making classes, Mountain, Luciani, Edlund, and Trimm ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1912
Terhune is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Zurek is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Parga is an ointer. Maske is a wenbumber. At the street fair, Terhune, Maske, Zurek, and Parga ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1913
Cammack is a dymer. Fleckenstein is a jesher. Hofman is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Dinkel is an ointer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the volunteer work, Dinkel, Hofman, Cammack, and Fleckenstein connected. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1914
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gullett is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Willems is a wenbumber. Koury is a motaswer. Lewellyn is an orgemier. Willems, Lewellyn, Gullett, and Koury met at the food co-op. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1915
Putman is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wiebe is a dymer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Bickerstaff is an intensier. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Wasik is a patalcer. At the library, Wiebe, Putman, Bickerstaff, and Wasik started a conversation. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1916
Briner is an oterer. Rodarte is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Salvato is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Piercy is a turper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the comic book expo, Piercy, Salvato, Briner, and Rodarte started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1917
The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Curbelo is an onner. Kuczynski is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Holzman is a jesher. Weathersby is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the garden, Holzman, Kuczynski, Weathersby, and Curbelo connected. The park looks nice. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1918
Pelt is a dymer. Saragosa is an onner. Kehoe is a patalcer. Dumas is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Kehoe, Saragosa, Dumas, and Pelt met at the library. Book clubs help expand social circles. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1919
Aldrete is a mornisdeiver. Sepe is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Vannatta is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Yeo is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the boardwalk arcade, Sepe, Vannatta, Aldrete, and Yeo met. There is a lot of space to play games here. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1920
The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Moura is a jogunder. Goh is a wenbumber. Tague is a motaswer. Martinsen is a patalcer. Tague, Goh, Martinsen, and Moura met at the beer making classes. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1921
The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Messer is an ointer. Glidden is a jogunder. Cutlip is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Shifflett is a cluker. At the beer making classes, Cutlip, Messer, Glidden, and Shifflett started a conversation. The class is fun! She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1922
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Zimmer is a cluker. Sirianni is a turper. Scholz is an intensier. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mortimer is a spacter. At the comic book expo, Sirianni, Scholz, Mortimer, and Zimmer ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1923
Bibbs is an oterer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Zuniga is a cluker. Beggs is a jogunder. Snowden is a turper. At the archery class, Beggs, Bibbs, Snowden, and Zuniga started a conversation. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1924
Oman is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Akhtar is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Tyer is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Tedford is a pinwer. At the birthday party, Tedford, Oman, Akhtar, and Tyer connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1925
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mayne is a spacter. Pare is an orgemier. Wymer is a patalcer. Chavira is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Pare, Wymer, Chavira, and Mayne met at the museum. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1926
Seales is an orgemier. Folk is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Oehler is an oterer. Bowlin is a spacter. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the networking event, Folk, Oehler, Seales, and Bowlin connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1927
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Hole is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lisle is a jesher. Burdge is an onner. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Byun is a motaswer. Lisle, Hole, Byun, and Burdge met at the theme park. The birds are wild and hungry! She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1928
Ciaccio is a mornisdeiver. Greig is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Garton is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bernier is a gladiower. At the commuter bus, Greig, Ciaccio, Garton, and Bernier ran into each other. People have different schedules. Ze reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1929
Arevalo is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Ogrady is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Nowak is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Allbright is a motaswer. At the carpool, Nowak, Arevalo, Allbright, and Ogrady ran into each other. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1930
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Earp is a ceeper. Delorme is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Coviello is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Matute is a motaswer. At the specialty retail store, Matute, Earp, Delorme, and Coviello connected. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1931
Brim is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Tittle is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wendland is a gladiower. Belton is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the car show, Tittle, Wendland, Belton, and Brim met. This event is to help make the community a better place. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1932
Vangundy is a fangher. Darrington is an onner. Trim is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mo is a cluker. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the private club, Mo, Vangundy, Darrington, and Trim met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1933
Drouin is a patalcer. Tinajero is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Plunkett is an intensier. Branstetter is a spacter. At the yoga class, Tinajero, Drouin, Plunkett, and Branstetter ran into each other. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. They reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1934
Obryant is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Kassab is a spacter. Zamorano is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Vawter is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the wine tasting, Kassab, Obryant, Zamorano, and Vawter connected. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1935
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rink is a gladiower. Spaeth is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Steelman is a jogunder. Kahn is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the commuter bus, Kahn, Rink, Steelman, and Spaeth started a conversation. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1936
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Ketron is an onner. Mcelyea is a motaswer. Curlee is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Skelley is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the high intensity class, Mcelyea, Ketron, Curlee, and Skelley ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1937
Clawson is a pinwer. Grieve is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Brust is a cluker. Baez is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the poolside event, Baez, Brust, Grieve, and Clawson ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1938
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hirata is an oterer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Leiter is a jesher. Fiore is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Stiller is an onner. At the private club, Fiore, Leiter, Stiller, and Hirata ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1939
Considine is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Beauchamp is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stall is a pinwer. Cerritos is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the birthday party, Cerritos, Beauchamp, Stall, and Considine ran into each other. The party is going to be full. They reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1940
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hacker is an oterer. Narvaez is an ointer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Marmon is a spacter. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Defazio is a dymer. At the beer making classes, Narvaez, Marmon, Hacker, and Defazio started a conversation. Classes are well organized. Ey reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1941
Medlock is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Villalba is a jesher. Blagg is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Birmingham is a motaswer. At the charity run, Birmingham, Villalba, Blagg, and Medlock started a conversation. There is a lot of space to play games here. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1942
Regnier is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Krout is an oterer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mcgehee is an ointer. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Luton is a cluker. At the subway, Luton, Mcgehee, Regnier, and Krout ran into each other. Public transports are eco-friendly. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1943
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Rhoten is a ceeper. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Wardle is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Debellis is an oterer. Attaway is a wenbumber. At the library, Rhoten, Debellis, Attaway, and Wardle met. One can get started with reading here in many ways! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1944
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bouknight is a pinwer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Randazzo is a mornisdeiver. Barco is a turper. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kreps is an ointer. At the volunteer work, Kreps, Barco, Randazzo, and Bouknight met. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1945
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Tichenor is a gladiower. Longstreth is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Lockard is an orgemier. Eastman is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the specialty retail store, Longstreth, Eastman, Tichenor, and Lockard started a conversation. Markets are usually crowded. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1946
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Grothe is a turper. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Galicia is a pinwer. Chirinos is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mahar is a ceeper. At the theme park, Chirinos, Mahar, Grothe, and Galicia met. The trees are very nice for watching birds. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1947
Batton is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lundquist is an intensier. Pauly is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wedel is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the street fair, Batton, Pauly, Wedel, and Lundquist met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1948
Fortson is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Snively is a cluker. Rabb is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Piel is a wenbumber. At the music and art festival, Rabb, Piel, Snively, and Fortson met. The event is still underway. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1949
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Riebe is a wenbumber. Koski is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Stinnett is a jesher. Diaz is a turper. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Riebe, Diaz, Stinnett, and Koski met at the volunteer work. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1950
Morquecho is an ointer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Kitson is a turper. Loya is a dymer. Nett is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the theater festival, Nett, Loya, Morquecho, and Kitson ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1951
The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Avellaneda is a motaswer. Fishel is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Pon is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hirata is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the music and art festival, Fishel, Hirata, Pon, and Avellaneda connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1952
Creech is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Riccardi is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Condit is a wenbumber. Bodkin is a gladiower. At the commuter bus, Riccardi, Condit, Creech, and Bodkin started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1953
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Spindler is a jogunder. Elizarraras is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Farrington is a ceeper. Mata is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the poolside event, Elizarraras, Mata, Farrington, and Spindler ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1954
Griswold is a turper. Tu is a fangher. Wilbourn is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ates is a wenbumber. At the food co-op, Ates, Tu, Griswold, and Wilbourn started a conversation. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. Ey told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1955
Steinkamp is an orgemier. Padden is a ceeper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Wester is an onner. Garrow is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the commuter bus, Wester, Padden, Steinkamp, and Garrow connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1956
Spiva is an onner. Fee is an intensier. Brochu is a jesher. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Forde is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Spiva, Forde, Brochu, and Fee met at the networking event. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1957
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Mentzer is an ointer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Depaz is a jesher. Diop is a cluker. Gerstein is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Depaz, Mentzer, Gerstein, and Diop met at the yoga class. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1958
The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pisciotta is a jogunder. Work is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Brister is a patalcer. Ellingson is a ceeper. At the high intensity class, Pisciotta, Work, Ellingson, and Brister met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1959
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Tussey is an intensier. Riccardi is a fangher. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Banegas is an ointer. Collis is a dymer. At the comic book expo, Tussey, Collis, Riccardi, and Banegas started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1960
The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gardea is a gladiower. Chauvin is a ceeper. Buckner is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Arroyo is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the wine tasting, Buckner, Arroyo, Gardea, and Chauvin started a conversation. The coffee tastes good. They told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1961
Pittard is a jesher. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hammond is a turper. Pietrzak is a jogunder. Winters is an oterer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the wedding, Hammond, Pietrzak, Pittard, and Winters ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1962
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Savard is a fangher. Lefebvre is an ointer. Reppert is a gladiower. Schluter is a turper. At the yoga class, Savard, Lefebvre, Schluter, and Reppert met. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1963
Padula is a jesher. Quast is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Polzin is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Brockington is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the birthday party, Brockington, Quast, Polzin, and Padula met. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1964
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kubik is a gladiower. Llanos is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Summey is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. Sather is a jogunder. Llanos, Sather, Kubik, and Summey met at the volunteer work. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1965
The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Parmelee is a cluker. Bojorquez is a spacter. Dunne is an oterer. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Grullon is a dymer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the volunteer work, Grullon, Bojorquez, Dunne, and Parmelee met. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. They reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1966
Friesen is a motaswer. Foret is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Devore is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Wilt is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the street fair, Friesen, Foret, Wilt, and Devore started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1967
The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Overfield is a turper. Permenter is a jogunder. Zazueta is a ceeper. Mayne is an intensier. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the yoga class, Zazueta, Permenter, Overfield, and Mayne connected. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1968
Popham is a patalcer. Zou is an ointer. Wee is a pinwer. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Solberg is an onner. Solberg, Popham, Wee, and Zou met at the boardwalk arcade. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1969
Frisbie is a turper. Kok is an ointer. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Touchet is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Trejo is a pinwer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the rideshare, Touchet, Trejo, Kok, and Frisbie met. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1970
Banda is a pinwer. Gatson is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Odle is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Borquez is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the poolside event, Odle, Banda, Gatson, and Borquez connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1971
The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Atkinson is a mornisdeiver. Filler is a wenbumber. Tyer is a spacter. Zeller is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the stadium, Filler, Tyer, Atkinson, and Zeller met. The weather is nice for games today. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1972
The work of a cluker is working for the management. Ogg is a mornisdeiver. Riegel is a dymer. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Bugg is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Farquharson is a pinwer. At the boardwalk arcade, Ogg, Bugg, Riegel, and Farquharson started a conversation. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1973
The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Buendia is a gladiower. Switzer is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lamb is an onner. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Caplinger is a cluker. At the charity run, Switzer, Caplinger, Buendia, and Lamb met. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1974
Schiffer is a quarancer. Gelinas is an intensier. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Rosero is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Pinter is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the garden, Pinter, Rosero, Gelinas, and Schiffer ran into each other. The park has many plants and flowers. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1975
Godbey is a gladiower. Mullens is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Potvin is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Warford is a ceeper. At the charity run, Mullens, Warford, Godbey, and Potvin met. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1976
Padden is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hagler is a patalcer. Delrosario is a fangher. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Castello is an oterer. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Padden, Castello, Delrosario, and Hagler met at the archery class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1977
The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Vaillancourt is a gladiower. Chu is a cluker. Grewal is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Khalsa is a fangher. The work of a cluker is working for the management. At the yoga class, Chu, Grewal, Vaillancourt, and Khalsa met. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1978
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Ulmer is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Darrington is a gladiower. Kok is a cluker. Purvis is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the open mic night, Darrington, Ulmer, Purvis, and Kok met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1979
Stowers is a dymer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mello is a turper. Sealy is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mosher is a jesher. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the high intensity class, Mello, Stowers, Sealy, and Mosher started a conversation. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1980
Mascorro is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Martinsen is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Zimmermann is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wallach is a cluker. The work of an ointer is selling buses. At the specialty retail store, Zimmermann, Mascorro, Martinsen, and Wallach ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1981
The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Leininger is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Kearse is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bueno is a cluker. Mccollom is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. Bueno, Leininger, Mccollom, and Kearse met at the food co-op. The other beverages served here are ok. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1982
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Vaillancourt is a patalcer. Haralson is a dymer. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Orwig is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Miltenberger is a quarancer. At the subway, Miltenberger, Vaillancourt, Haralson, and Orwig ran into each other. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. They reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1983
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. Cherian is an orgemier. Defazio is an onner. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. Barwick is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Palencia is a dymer. At the music and art festival, Cherian, Palencia, Defazio, and Barwick started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1984
Sikes is a quarancer. Sawyers is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Pointer is a fangher. The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Heitmann is a wenbumber. At the wine tasting, Sikes, Heitmann, Sawyers, and Pointer met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1985
Quito is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of an intensier is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Dingess is a spacter. Corning is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Knepper is a mornisdeiver. At the poolside event, Corning, Dingess, Quito, and Knepper connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1986
The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a cluker is working for the management. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brissette is a jesher. Register is a patalcer. Narvaez is a cluker. Hecker is a spacter. Narvaez, Hecker, Brissette, and Register met at the boardwalk arcade. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1987
Pandey is a gladiower. Ginter is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Denney is an oterer. Schulze is an onner. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. At the garden, Pandey, Ginter, Schulze, and Denney connected. The park site for more information about the location. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1988
The work of an ointer is selling buses. Locascio is an onner. Quito is an orgemier. Linger is an ointer. Damato is a turper. The work of an onner is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the street fair, Locascio, Damato, Quito, and Linger met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1989
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pedrosa is a spacter. Albarran is a jesher. Gipe is a pinwer. Mcanally is a patalcer. Mcanally, Albarran, Pedrosa, and Gipe met at the wedding. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1990
Rivero is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Langner is a dymer. Tague is a turper. Sterns is a spacter. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the school sports event, Langner, Sterns, Rivero, and Tague started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1991
Mcalpine is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is working for the management. Seabrook is a spacter. Rosso is a turper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Glass is a cluker. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Seabrook, Mcalpine, Rosso, and Glass met. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1992
The work of a fangher is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Westrick is a jesher. Chung is a jogunder. Pleitez is a fangher. Pisciotta is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a jesher is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the market, Westrick, Pleitez, Pisciotta, and Chung started a conversation. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. Ey reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1993
The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a jogunder is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mutchler is a gladiower. Trusty is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cude is a pinwer. Banerjee is a jogunder. At the rideshare, Mutchler, Banerjee, Trusty, and Cude started a conversation. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1994
The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kaltenbach is a gladiower. Sabia is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Strong is a spacter. Makela is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. At the networking event, Sabia, Strong, Kaltenbach, and Makela ran into each other. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1995
Gills is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Almeida is a patalcer. Escalona is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Stover is a mornisdeiver. At the stadium, Escalona, Gills, Stover, and Almeida ran into each other. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1996
Flaherty is an ointer. The work of an ointer is selling buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Wolak is a spacter. The work of a spacter is giving items in a university. Rhoden is a mornisdeiver. Sipe is a turper. At the food co-op, Rhoden, Flaherty, Sipe, and Wolak connected. It is a cool place to hang out. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1997
Kleiner is a turper. Fabre is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a patalcer is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Murguia is a quarancer. Bowes is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mornisdeiver is working for a research company. Kleiner, Murguia, Bowes, and Fabre met at the subway. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1998
The work of an orgemier is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a ceeper is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ingold is an orgemier. Geis is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Deming is an oterer. Bucklin is a ceeper. At the commuter bus, Deming, Ingold, Geis, and Bucklin connected. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1999
The work of a dymer is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Villamil is a motaswer. The work of a turper is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tat is a turper. Guinn is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ausmus is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is cutting photos professionally. At the archery class, Ausmus, Villamil, Tat, and Guinn connected. The class has interesting sessions. Ze reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.
