kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:0
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Nye is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mceachin is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Nutting is a cluker. Piccolo is an orgemier. At the gallery, Nye, Nutting, Piccolo, and Mceachin connected. Museums have free exhibitions. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ruffino is a cluker. Tousignant is a dymer. Dube is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bolander is a jesher. At the boardwalk arcade, Dube, Tousignant, Ruffino, and Bolander connected. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:2
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Beaman is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Agrawal is a motaswer. Whisnant is a cluker. Mouzon is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the rideshare, Beaman, Agrawal, Whisnant, and Mouzon connected. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:3
Messier is a dymer. Skelly is a jesher. Mcdonnell is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dahms is a quarancer. At the boardwalk arcade, Skelly, Dahms, Mcdonnell, and Messier ran into each other. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. Ze reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:4
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Harward is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mcdonnell is a pinwer. Serpa is a jesher. Schiff is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the partner dancing classes, Schiff, Serpa, Harward, and Mcdonnell ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:5
Niemeyer is a wenbumber. Strum is a ceeper. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ciccone is a spacter. Mullens is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mullens, Niemeyer, Ciccone, and Strum met at the paintball courses. Classes provide fun and challenge. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:6
Woerner is a jesher. Gamache is an orgemier. Raglin is a wenbumber. Pera is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the boardwalk arcade, Woerner, Pera, Gamache, and Raglin connected. A lot of games have many different endings. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:7
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Gamache is an orgemier. Pickle is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Leaf is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Churchill is a pinwer. At the school reunion, Gamache, Leaf, Churchill, and Pickle met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:8
Torres is a turper. Flaherty is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cancino is an oterer. Barrera is an ointer. At the cigar bar, Flaherty, Barrera, Torres, and Cancino met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:9
Nurse is a turper. Laferriere is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mirabal is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wick is a spacter. At the market, Mirabal, Nurse, Wick, and Laferriere started a conversation. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:10
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Groves is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Barb is an orgemier. Voltz is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brunell is an intensier. At the subway, Brunell, Barb, Voltz, and Groves ran into each other. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:11
Bemis is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Ruggiero is a dymer. Fleming is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gold is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the club, Bemis, Gold, Ruggiero, and Fleming met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:12
Mackley is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Dent is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Stockwell is a quarancer. Whitted is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the school reunion, Stockwell, Dent, Mackley, and Whitted ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:13
Riney is a spacter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Carrasco is an intensier. Lagunas is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Desantiago is a jogunder. At the rideshare, Lagunas, Riney, Desantiago, and Carrasco ran into each other. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:14
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Harpster is an onner. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Stutzman is a dymer. Otey is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Carpio is a spacter. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the garden, Harpster, Otey, Carpio, and Stutzman started a conversation. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:15
Flinchum is an intensier. Weatherspoon is a gladiower. Lightner is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Dunagan is an orgemier. Flinchum, Dunagan, Weatherspoon, and Lightner met at the party. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:16
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Schulman is a jesher. Brendel is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hazelton is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Redfield is a ceeper. Hazelton, Redfield, Brendel, and Schulman met at the paintball courses. The class is fun! She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:17
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Medellin is a spacter. Mains is a quarancer. Urbanek is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Rogerson is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the market, Medellin, Rogerson, Mains, and Urbanek connected. The market is divided into sub-markets. Ze reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:18
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Saenz is a turper. Quezada is an oterer. Rathbone is a jesher. Loy is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the food and drink festival, Rathbone, Saenz, Quezada, and Loy connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:19
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Broom is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bemis is a fangher. Gould is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hornbuckle is a gladiower. At the power yoga class, Gould, Bemis, Hornbuckle, and Broom connected. The class starts with a warm - up session. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:20
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Prouty is a jogunder. Michels is a spacter. Stelter is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wittenberg is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Stelter, Prouty, Michels, and Wittenberg met at the charity car wash. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:21
Oldfield is a jogunder. Haar is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Biondo is a pinwer. Red is a wenbumber. Haar, Biondo, Red, and Oldfield met at the archery class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:22
Calabro is a spacter. Zito is a patalcer. Worsham is a dymer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bookout is a pinwer. Worsham, Bookout, Zito, and Calabro met at the high intensity class. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:23
Uy is a mornisdeiver. Bischof is a motaswer. Goodsell is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Sroka is a turper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the car show, Uy, Goodsell, Bischof, and Sroka started a conversation. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:24
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Arroyo is a motaswer. Giesler is a jogunder. Pooley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Schumaker is an orgemier. At the food co-op, Pooley, Arroyo, Giesler, and Schumaker started a conversation. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:25
Pfeffer is a wenbumber. Rubinstein is a motaswer. Uy is a fangher. Drane is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the specialty retail store, Uy, Pfeffer, Drane, and Rubinstein ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:26
Toliver is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Jew is a turper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Fenner is a wenbumber. Rakes is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the cigar bar, Fenner, Jew, Toliver, and Rakes connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:27
Veazey is a pinwer. Crass is a quarancer. Kahl is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bassler is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the boardwalk arcade, Veazey, Kahl, Bassler, and Crass started a conversation. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:28
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Boesch is a jogunder. Preuss is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Penna is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ogorman is an ointer. At the group vacation, Boesch, Ogorman, Penna, and Preuss met. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:29
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fragoso is a mornisdeiver. Lukes is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Draves is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hail is a motaswer. At the specialty retail store, Fragoso, Hail, Lukes, and Draves met. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:30
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schramm is a dymer. Hubler is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Babineau is a pinwer. Bickford is a motaswer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the high intensity class, Bickford, Babineau, Hubler, and Schramm started a conversation. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:31
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ewald is a mornisdeiver. Derosa is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Horowitz is a jesher. Goodrum is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the commuter bus, Goodrum, Ewald, Derosa, and Horowitz started a conversation. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:32
Henriksen is a pinwer. Quesenberry is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Strope is a wenbumber. Brooker is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the garden, Strope, Brooker, Henriksen, and Quesenberry ran into each other. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:33
Dufault is an ointer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Berumen is a jogunder. Vosburg is a fangher. Labrada is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the power yoga class, Vosburg, Berumen, Dufault, and Labrada started a conversation. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:34
Friedel is a mornisdeiver. Saintlouis is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Drown is a jogunder. Ansell is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the volunteer organization meet, Friedel, Ansell, Drown, and Saintlouis met. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:35
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Purkey is a gladiower. Tomasello is an orgemier. Martello is a jesher. Drews is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the networking event, Martello, Drews, Tomasello, and Purkey met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:36
Catoe is a cluker. Breitenstein is a wenbumber. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Orcutt is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Currey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Orcutt, Currey, Catoe, and Breitenstein met at the food court. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:37
Heuer is a turper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Byerley is an intensier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Paredez is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Cronin is a jogunder. At the job fair, Paredez, Byerley, Cronin, and Heuer started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:38
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Roe is a jesher. Watterson is a dymer. Leong is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hitchens is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the communal dining restaurant, Roe, Watterson, Leong, and Hitchens ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:39
Cundiff is a jesher. Mcquay is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Smidt is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Yamashita is an oterer. At the garden, Mcquay, Cundiff, Yamashita, and Smidt met. We have some nice white rabbits here too. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:40
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Strohl is a mornisdeiver. Choi is a gladiower. Hiser is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cantor is a pinwer. At the park, Choi, Hiser, Strohl, and Cantor met. The park is very peaceful. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:41
Nelms is an oterer. Stgermain is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mosteller is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Browder is a spacter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the high intensity class, Nelms, Mosteller, Browder, and Stgermain met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:42
Deitz is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Walls is an orgemier. Finck is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Seay is an intensier. At the food co-op, Deitz, Seay, Finck, and Walls connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:43
Gadberry is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Treadwell is an ointer. Barth is a turper. Toor is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the boardwalk arcade, Toor, Barth, Gadberry, and Treadwell started a conversation. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:44
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Folds is an onner. Byun is a fangher. Cairns is a cluker. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pucci is a dymer. At the rideshare, Cairns, Byun, Pucci, and Folds started a conversation. Public transports are affordable. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:45
Hartig is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Orban is an onner. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Hartline is a quarancer. Bissonette is a fangher. Bissonette, Hartline, Hartig, and Orban met at the job fair. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:46
Lajoie is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Risley is a pinwer. Lively is a patalcer. Goldner is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the food court, Goldner, Lajoie, Lively, and Risley met. The beer is excellent. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:47
Boatman is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Bothwell is an orgemier. Cordoba is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Walburn is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the power yoga class, Boatman, Walburn, Cordoba, and Bothwell ran into each other. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:48
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Oliphant is an ointer. Trexler is a jogunder. Zhou is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Schneiderman is an intensier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the theater festival, Zhou, Trexler, Schneiderman, and Oliphant ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:49
Mcreynolds is a wenbumber. Weintraub is a ceeper. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Messing is a jogunder. Rister is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rister, Weintraub, Mcreynolds, and Messing met at the club. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:50
Amundsen is an orgemier. Darley is a ceeper. Rolph is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hunsucker is a cluker. Amundsen, Hunsucker, Rolph, and Darley met at the subway. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:51
Keeter is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fallis is a spacter. Mcelroy is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Ferro is an oterer. At the club, Fallis, Mcelroy, Ferro, and Keeter started a conversation. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:52
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Frausto is an intensier. Giannone is a ceeper. Bartels is a turper. Mallet is a wenbumber. At the improvisation class, Giannone, Bartels, Mallet, and Frausto ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:53
Rathbun is a ceeper. Nowacki is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Chou is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sereno is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the food court, Rathbun, Sereno, Chou, and Nowacki started a conversation. The atmosphere was nice. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:54
Mcphail is a jesher. Huertas is a patalcer. Garber is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Wysocki is a wenbumber. At the food and drink festival, Huertas, Garber, Wysocki, and Mcphail ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:55
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Fentress is a wenbumber. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Jeffries is a quarancer. Hedgepeth is a mornisdeiver. Kouba is a gladiower. At the theater festival, Fentress, Kouba, Jeffries, and Hedgepeth started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:56
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Hagopian is a motaswer. Crass is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Henninger is a spacter. Scher is a patalcer. Hagopian, Scher, Henninger, and Crass met at the boardwalk arcade. The city is a great place to find something to do. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:57
Appling is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Burnley is a motaswer. Vandenberg is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kepley is a pinwer. At the car show, Vandenberg, Burnley, Kepley, and Appling ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:58
Baugh is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cadle is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Tsang is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Nehls is an orgemier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the food court, Cadle, Tsang, Baugh, and Nehls met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:59
Morrow is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hilbert is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Gillard is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fifield is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the restaurant, Fifield, Hilbert, Morrow, and Gillard met. The place is nice. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:60
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mcclendon is a fangher. Ridings is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Pisciotta is a spacter. Sweeny is a gladiower. At the charity car wash, Sweeny, Pisciotta, Mcclendon, and Ridings connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:61
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Secor is a jesher. Liverman is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Berliner is an oterer. Ojo is a mornisdeiver. At the food co-op, Berliner, Liverman, Ojo, and Secor ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:62
Jock is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Vandenberg is a motaswer. Scherrer is an oterer. Gigliotti is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Jock, Scherrer, Gigliotti, and Vandenberg met at the commuter bus. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:63
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Lagrange is a dymer. Palazzolo is a patalcer. Cianci is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Towne is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the high intensity class, Palazzolo, Lagrange, Cianci, and Towne ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:64
Warwick is a wenbumber. Brodsky is a motaswer. Losh is an orgemier. Elsayed is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the archery class, Elsayed, Losh, Warwick, and Brodsky started a conversation. Classes are well organized. Ze reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:65
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gautier is an onner. Bayliss is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Richey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Bak is a motaswer. Bak, Richey, Gautier, and Bayliss met at the charity car wash. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:66
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gann is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Houseman is a mornisdeiver. Coldwell is a jogunder. Tebo is a pinwer. At the theater festival, Gann, Tebo, Coldwell, and Houseman connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:67
Yeary is a fangher. Karnes is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hartzell is a dymer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Chamness is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the subway, Karnes, Yeary, Hartzell, and Chamness connected. Public transports are easy to find. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:68
Cantero is a fangher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Duren is a spacter. Farina is a pinwer. Knighton is a jesher. At the paintball courses, Cantero, Farina, Duren, and Knighton ran into each other. The class is fun! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:69
Palos is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Farwell is an ointer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Stuck is a dymer. Dunning is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Farwell, Dunning, Palos, and Stuck met at the club. The coffee tea is great. Ze told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:70
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Tart is an intensier. Vaidya is a dymer. Hamlett is a patalcer. Eustace is a ceeper. Tart, Hamlett, Vaidya, and Eustace met at the gallery. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:71
Mackiewicz is a spacter. Stovall is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Caldera is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Stauber is a ceeper. At the theater festival, Mackiewicz, Stovall, Caldera, and Stauber met. It is open to the public. They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:72
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Michels is a motaswer. Burruss is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Massingill is a fangher. Hubbard is a quarancer. At the club, Burruss, Michels, Hubbard, and Massingill started a conversation. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:73
Leedy is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kingsbury is a dymer. Pantano is an ointer. Bostick is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the job fair, Kingsbury, Bostick, Pantano, and Leedy met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:74
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Folse is an oterer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kraft is a motaswer. Swain is an ointer. Artz is a dymer. At the museum, Folse, Kraft, Artz, and Swain connected. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:75
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mcneeley is a fangher. Castanon is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Deitch is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Harber is a pinwer. At the commuter bus, Deitch, Harber, Mcneeley, and Castanon started a conversation. The public transports are public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:76
Healey is an orgemier. Strope is an intensier. Prisco is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Boateng is a cluker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the park, Healey, Boateng, Strope, and Prisco started a conversation. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:77
Cronan is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Sherrard is a gladiower. Nicolosi is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bodine is an onner. Cronan, Nicolosi, Sherrard, and Bodine met at the paintball courses. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:78
Kearse is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Reuter is an intensier. Linnell is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Faul is a fangher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the improvisation class, Linnell, Reuter, Kearse, and Faul connected. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:79
Hillenbrand is a gladiower. Bias is an onner. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Luk is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hutchens is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the commuter bus, Hillenbrand, Luk, Hutchens, and Bias ran into each other. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. They reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:80
Folks is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Madson is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Woolley is an onner. Marlatt is a ceeper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the subway, Madson, Folks, Woolley, and Marlatt connected. The public transports are public. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:81
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ehrhart is a jogunder. Dambrosio is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Flanigan is a turper. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Strum is a ceeper. Dambrosio, Flanigan, Ehrhart, and Strum met at the partner dancing classes. The class is extremely motivating. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:82
Carrara is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Swindle is an oterer. Rivero is a dymer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Angulo is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the paintball courses, Angulo, Carrara, Swindle, and Rivero started a conversation. Classes are well organized. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:83
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Ganz is a cluker. Htoo is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Heffron is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Scheerer is an onner. At the group vacation, Htoo, Ganz, Scheerer, and Heffron connected. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:84
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Feller is a dymer. Grice is an oterer. Keagle is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Ausmus is a cluker. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the volunteer work, Grice, Ausmus, Keagle, and Feller ran into each other. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:85
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Phu is a wenbumber. Luevano is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Casarez is a spacter. Mattila is an orgemier. At the food co-op, Luevano, Casarez, Mattila, and Phu met. The coffee cake is quite good. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:86
Giesler is a fangher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Brendel is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lorusso is an intensier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Beauford is a patalcer. At the boardwalk arcade, Beauford, Lorusso, Giesler, and Brendel connected. There is a lot of space to play games here. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:87
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Limbaugh is a fangher. Quandt is a wenbumber. Yamamoto is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mango is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the garden, Quandt, Mango, Limbaugh, and Yamamoto started a conversation. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:88
Sifford is an intensier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcdonagh is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Sweeney is a cluker. Wiser is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the communal dining restaurant, Sifford, Wiser, Sweeney, and Mcdonagh connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. Ze told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:89
Riggan is a dymer. Hopson is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Klinger is a ceeper. Wines is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the bus station, Klinger, Hopson, Wines, and Riggan started a conversation. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:90
Shapiro is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Badeaux is an oterer. Villicana is a jogunder. Marx is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the archery class, Villicana, Shapiro, Badeaux, and Marx connected. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:91
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kindel is a dymer. Weinstock is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Foulk is a jesher. Laymon is a pinwer. Foulk, Kindel, Laymon, and Weinstock met at the rideshare. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:92
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Gettys is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Griebel is a quarancer. Pickle is a turper. Isbell is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Isbell, Pickle, Griebel, and Gettys met at the subway. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:93
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hentz is a mornisdeiver. Lanford is a quarancer. Twigg is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lundy is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the market, Hentz, Twigg, Lanford, and Lundy ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:94
Franks is an ointer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Houseman is a wenbumber. Auld is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bolander is a spacter. At the restaurant, Houseman, Franks, Auld, and Bolander connected. The coffee cake is quite good. Ze told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:95
Brainerd is a cluker. Muller is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rettig is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Pass is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the rideshare, Brainerd, Rettig, Muller, and Pass met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:96
Dossett is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Grinder is a pinwer. Nicosia is a turper. Bak is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the volunteer work, Bak, Grinder, Dossett, and Nicosia started a conversation. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:97
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Soileau is a turper. Ferrer is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Luker is a motaswer. Carreno is an ointer. Carreno, Ferrer, Soileau, and Luker met at the garden. There are different varieties of plants here! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:98
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Neighbors is a gladiower. Waterhouse is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hunsicker is an intensier. Tarrant is a ceeper. Hunsicker, Tarrant, Waterhouse, and Neighbors met at the commuter bus. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:99
Arant is a spacter. Fagg is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Leavitt is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Totten is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the food court, Fagg, Arant, Leavitt, and Totten met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:100
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Monaghan is a mornisdeiver. Paramore is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Cutright is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Caple is a wenbumber. Caple, Monaghan, Cutright, and Paramore met at the job fair. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:101
Stanko is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Jiron is an orgemier. Kozak is a cluker. Toscano is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the theater festival, Kozak, Stanko, Toscano, and Jiron met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:102
Leverett is an orgemier. Clodfelter is a wenbumber. Velarde is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Macomber is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the communal dining restaurant, Clodfelter, Leverett, Velarde, and Macomber ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:103
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Groat is a pinwer. Gamache is a mornisdeiver. Gooch is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Geiser is an intensier. Gamache, Geiser, Groat, and Gooch met at the volunteer work. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:104
Cuthbertson is a wenbumber. Pitchford is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bartels is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Rotolo is an onner. At the food co-op, Bartels, Pitchford, Cuthbertson, and Rotolo ran into each other. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:105
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Burnside is a turper. Trumbo is a quarancer. Winkle is an intensier. Schober is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the communal dining restaurant, Schober, Trumbo, Winkle, and Burnside started a conversation. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:106
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bruder is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Genao is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Akey is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fowler is a ceeper. At the partner dancing classes, Fowler, Akey, Bruder, and Genao met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:107
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Avilla is a dymer. Winn is a cluker. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Melnick is a mornisdeiver. Arredondo is a patalcer. At the volunteer work, Melnick, Winn, Avilla, and Arredondo connected. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:108
Lyttle is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Millner is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sauter is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Glanz is a mornisdeiver. At the museum, Lyttle, Sauter, Glanz, and Millner connected. This museum and art is what we need more of. They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:109
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Samuelson is a fangher. Schrader is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dangerfield is an intensier. Puleo is a ceeper. At the party, Schrader, Samuelson, Dangerfield, and Puleo ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:110
Buchan is a jogunder. Wuest is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Loaiza is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Bruder is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the group vacation, Wuest, Bruder, Loaiza, and Buchan connected. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:111
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Santelli is a jogunder. Searls is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Uresti is a jesher. Hile is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Uresti, Hile, Santelli, and Searls met at the subway. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:112
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Mcgurk is a gladiower. Dinkins is a turper. Concannon is an onner. Blumenthal is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the school reunion, Dinkins, Blumenthal, Concannon, and Mcgurk ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:113
Caple is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Gose is a patalcer. Stalder is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Schwarz is a motaswer. Stalder, Caple, Schwarz, and Gose met at the club. It is a cool place to hang out. They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:114
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcleroy is a pinwer. Swearingen is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fong is a spacter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ringgold is an oterer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the park, Swearingen, Ringgold, Fong, and Mcleroy met. The dogs here are lovely. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:115
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stamps is a cluker. Camejo is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Nettles is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Leiby is an intensier. Nettles, Stamps, Camejo, and Leiby met at the improvisation class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:116
Nabors is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lukasik is an oterer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Nyman is a pinwer. Timmons is a cluker. At the volunteer organization meet, Nyman, Nabors, Lukasik, and Timmons started a conversation. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. Ze told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:117
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Donaghy is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Pfeffer is a ceeper. Croston is an orgemier. Hession is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the volunteer organization meet, Hession, Donaghy, Pfeffer, and Croston met. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:118
Laabs is a wenbumber. Jenkins is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Drane is an onner. Laux is a cluker. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the garden, Laux, Drane, Laabs, and Jenkins met. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. Ze reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:119
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Gayden is an onner. Runkle is a turper. Stanko is a mornisdeiver. Mayor is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the improvisation class, Gayden, Mayor, Runkle, and Stanko met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:120
Cuervo is an ointer. Allain is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Zuniga is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Boren is an orgemier. At the food court, Boren, Allain, Cuervo, and Zuniga met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:121
Sienkiewicz is a ceeper. Petrosyan is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Mulcahy is an oterer. Jiron is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the boardwalk arcade, Sienkiewicz, Mulcahy, Petrosyan, and Jiron met. It is fun to play here. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:122
Bollman is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Feltz is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Cacho is a motaswer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ogorman is a quarancer. At the improvisation class, Bollman, Ogorman, Cacho, and Feltz met. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:123
Pippin is a motaswer. Watkins is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Whittemore is an oterer. White is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the museum, Pippin, Watkins, White, and Whittemore met. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:124
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Schutte is a quarancer. Houchin is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Belmontes is an ointer. Loera is a cluker. Loera, Houchin, Schutte, and Belmontes met at the cigar bar. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:125
Raimondi is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Restivo is a jogunder. Gow is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Ethridge is a fangher. At the partner dancing classes, Ethridge, Restivo, Raimondi, and Gow met. Classes provide fun and challenge. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:126
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Streater is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Henke is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mangrum is a motaswer. Halterman is a dymer. At the high intensity class, Henke, Streater, Halterman, and Mangrum met. It's a huge place! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:127
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gribble is a cluker. Prouty is a dymer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Siefert is a fangher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Skipworth is a jesher. At the school reunion, Skipworth, Gribble, Siefert, and Prouty connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:128
Mccluskey is a quarancer. Tritt is a cluker. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Strauser is an onner. Thrash is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the partner dancing classes, Tritt, Strauser, Thrash, and Mccluskey connected. Classes are well organized. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:129
Knowles is an onner. Hand is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Dupuis is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Zaman is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the power yoga class, Knowles, Hand, Zaman, and Dupuis met. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:130
Stover is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Middendorf is a dymer. Alles is an oterer. Feely is a turper. Feely, Stover, Alles, and Middendorf met at the park. The park has many plants and flowers. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:131
Miedema is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Homan is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Solorio is a cluker. Gathright is a quarancer. Homan, Gathright, Miedema, and Solorio met at the theater festival. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:132
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Eash is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Fulmer is a jogunder. Oles is a gladiower. Anglin is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Anglin, Fulmer, Oles, and Eash met at the high intensity class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:133
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Deshpande is a spacter. Fulford is a cluker. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Risk is a jogunder. Overholt is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the specialty retail store, Deshpande, Fulford, Overholt, and Risk connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:134
Huizenga is a ceeper. Ballesteros is a motaswer. Weinstein is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Yelton is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Weinstein, Huizenga, Yelton, and Ballesteros met at the communal dining restaurant. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:135
Bottoms is a patalcer. Kleiner is a ceeper. Ku is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Struck is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the bus station, Bottoms, Ku, Struck, and Kleiner connected. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:136
Griebel is a jesher. Segers is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Camarillo is a fangher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Shiflet is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the high intensity class, Shiflet, Camarillo, Griebel, and Segers connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:137
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Diorio is a cluker. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Holmgren is a motaswer. Lawley is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brumm is a mornisdeiver. At the partner dancing classes, Holmgren, Lawley, Brumm, and Diorio ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. They reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:138
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Mccullers is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Carberry is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Weinert is a mornisdeiver. Carreras is a spacter. Weinert, Mccullers, Carberry, and Carreras met at the club. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:139
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Freas is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lacourse is a fangher. Bergstrom is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bing is a ceeper. At the improvisation class, Lacourse, Bergstrom, Bing, and Freas met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:140
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Griggs is a patalcer. Lannon is an onner. Henriksen is a quarancer. Nickols is a fangher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the boardwalk arcade, Lannon, Nickols, Griggs, and Henriksen ran into each other. The game can be interesting. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:141
Breen is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Rasch is a turper. Mceachin is a wenbumber. Eads is a cluker. At the food co-op, Eads, Breen, Rasch, and Mceachin started a conversation. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:142
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Sahota is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Stelly is a dymer. Hammon is a jogunder. Corella is a jesher. At the commuter bus, Hammon, Sahota, Stelly, and Corella met. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:143
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Blackwelder is a quarancer. Ables is a motaswer. Tinnin is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Housel is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the party, Housel, Ables, Blackwelder, and Tinnin ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:144
Radtke is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stebbins is a quarancer. Bissonette is a fangher. Porche is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the food co-op, Bissonette, Stebbins, Radtke, and Porche ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. Ey reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:145
Higgins is a dymer. Cutshall is a pinwer. Dalley is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Culpepper is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the paintball courses, Cutshall, Culpepper, Dalley, and Higgins ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:146
Read is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Robie is a dymer. Sauls is a jogunder. Rollo is a cluker. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the rideshare, Rollo, Sauls, Robie, and Read ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. They told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:147
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cairns is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hesser is a quarancer. Urbanski is a jogunder. Keyser is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the food court, Keyser, Urbanski, Hesser, and Cairns started a conversation. The place was crowded. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:148
Mcclinton is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Werth is a cluker. Mizelle is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nourse is an ointer. At the partner dancing classes, Mizelle, Mcclinton, Nourse, and Werth connected. Classes are well organized. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:149
Dragon is a mornisdeiver. Pal is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hepworth is a fangher. Eisner is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the commuter bus, Hepworth, Pal, Dragon, and Eisner ran into each other. The public transports are public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:150
Homes is a cluker. Hollinger is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bertsch is a jesher. Cottingham is a turper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the public transport, Hollinger, Cottingham, Bertsch, and Homes met. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:151
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hosford is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Maez is a cluker. Krapf is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Goodlow is a motaswer. At the paintball courses, Krapf, Goodlow, Maez, and Hosford started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:152
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Leiby is a jesher. Huerta is an ointer. Cover is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hyer is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the volunteer organization meet, Hyer, Leiby, Cover, and Huerta ran into each other. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:153
Sperling is a fangher. Mcaleer is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Darnall is a turper. Wilkerson is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the rideshare, Sperling, Wilkerson, Darnall, and Mcaleer met. The public transports are public. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:154
Lauck is a spacter. Frick is a cluker. Portilla is an ointer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Beadle is a fangher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the rideshare, Lauck, Frick, Beadle, and Portilla met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:155
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Villalvazo is an onner. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Raasch is a motaswer. Deutsch is a spacter. Tiwari is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the partner dancing classes, Deutsch, Raasch, Villalvazo, and Tiwari ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:156
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cusack is an oterer. Suber is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Palencia is a motaswer. Fogg is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cusack, Suber, Palencia, and Fogg met at the job fair. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:157
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Steeves is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bombard is a gladiower. Held is a motaswer. Stoneking is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the volunteer work, Steeves, Held, Bombard, and Stoneking connected. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:158
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wick is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bobo is a fangher. Line is an ointer. Rettig is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Line, Wick, Bobo, and Rettig met at the party. The party is going to be full. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:159
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Vanderhoff is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lasater is a cluker. Merriam is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kitson is a motaswer. At the partner dancing classes, Vanderhoff, Kitson, Merriam, and Lasater started a conversation. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:160
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rubinstein is a spacter. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Guilliams is a dymer. Pell is an intensier. Meacham is an ointer. At the boardwalk arcade, Pell, Rubinstein, Meacham, and Guilliams ran into each other. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:161
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Ronning is an orgemier. Obanion is a spacter. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Beem is a gladiower. Marburger is a cluker. At the group vacation, Ronning, Obanion, Beem, and Marburger met. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:162
Campuzano is an onner. Pfeffer is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Moldenhauer is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Markham is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the networking event, Markham, Campuzano, Pfeffer, and Moldenhauer started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:163
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Gaylor is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Gillan is a cluker. Kopf is a jogunder. Lurie is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the food and drink festival, Kopf, Gaylor, Gillan, and Lurie started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:164
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Folse is a fangher. Deans is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Falconer is an oterer. Pulley is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the power yoga class, Pulley, Falconer, Deans, and Folse connected. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:165
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mefford is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Southard is a wenbumber. Lakes is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Doxey is a turper. Lakes, Southard, Mefford, and Doxey met at the subway. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:166
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ezzell is an ointer. Wieczorek is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Obannon is a pinwer. Kapoor is an oterer. Ezzell, Kapoor, Wieczorek, and Obannon met at the commuter bus. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:167
Latimore is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Farquhar is a pinwer. Swim is a turper. Boatner is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the boardwalk arcade, Swim, Boatner, Latimore, and Farquhar met. The game can be interesting. He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:168
Beaman is a fangher. Weigle is a turper. Sherburne is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hollon is a quarancer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the park, Sherburne, Weigle, Hollon, and Beaman connected. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:169
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bronstein is an intensier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pederson is an ointer. Ciccarelli is a cluker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Costner is a jesher. At the car show, Costner, Ciccarelli, Pederson, and Bronstein connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:170
Taveras is an ointer. Machin is an oterer. Luster is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Goudeau is a cluker. At the club, Luster, Taveras, Goudeau, and Machin met. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:171
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Grunwald is an onner. Hogg is an oterer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Wiser is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Armstead is a wenbumber. Wiser, Hogg, Grunwald, and Armstead met at the bus station. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:172
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Berning is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Thrasher is an ointer. Summers is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Surprenant is a ceeper. At the improvisation class, Summers, Thrasher, Surprenant, and Berning connected. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:173
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Winder is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dibella is an onner. Woerner is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Gaudio is a ceeper. At the improvisation class, Gaudio, Dibella, Woerner, and Winder ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:174
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Peet is a gladiower. Gettys is a mornisdeiver. Mortenson is a motaswer. Arner is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Peet, Mortenson, Gettys, and Arner met at the networking event. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:175
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Tower is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Jeffreys is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Trainer is an ointer. Harney is a fangher. At the boardwalk arcade, Tower, Jeffreys, Trainer, and Harney started a conversation. A lot of games have many different endings. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:176
Gilder is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Venditti is a jogunder. Dill is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Delp is a gladiower. At the garden, Delp, Dill, Venditti, and Gilder ran into each other. The birds are wild and hungry! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:177
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Shutts is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Brunetti is a gladiower. Parenti is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Goldberg is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the improvisation class, Goldberg, Brunetti, Parenti, and Shutts met. Each session teaches a different theme. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:178
Allmon is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Budge is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fiscus is an intensier. Bucio is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the paintball courses, Budge, Fiscus, Allmon, and Bucio connected. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:179
Ohagan is a quarancer. Baskett is a ceeper. Kist is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ribeiro is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the garden, Kist, Baskett, Ribeiro, and Ohagan met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:180
Mcqueary is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Heckman is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Covington is a gladiower. Torres is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the commuter bus, Torres, Covington, Mcqueary, and Heckman connected. Public transports are affordable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:181
Hatmaker is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Gamber is an oterer. Hires is a gladiower. Wingo is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the charity car wash, Hatmaker, Wingo, Hires, and Gamber ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:182
Krone is an ointer. Landman is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Heiss is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dolezal is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the networking event, Dolezal, Krone, Heiss, and Landman connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:183
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Carpio is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Letts is an intensier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Chain is a quarancer. Pepe is a ceeper. At the rideshare, Letts, Pepe, Chain, and Carpio met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:184
Guymon is an intensier. Panek is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Longley is an orgemier. Hassett is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the school reunion, Guymon, Longley, Hassett, and Panek ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:185
Griffey is a ceeper. Vivar is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Tims is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Butz is a patalcer. At the school reunion, Griffey, Tims, Butz, and Vivar ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:186
Lanza is an orgemier. Harpster is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kayser is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Dolson is a quarancer. At the power yoga class, Harpster, Lanza, Kayser, and Dolson connected. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:187
Gress is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Bhatti is an orgemier. Korte is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Tooley is a jogunder. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the school reunion, Korte, Bhatti, Gress, and Tooley started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:188
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Collard is an intensier. Luk is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fulford is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hopkins is an orgemier. At the partner dancing classes, Fulford, Collard, Hopkins, and Luk ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:189
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kobayashi is a mornisdeiver. Surprenant is a ceeper. Mayorga is a spacter. Cruce is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the gallery opening event, Surprenant, Kobayashi, Cruce, and Mayorga ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:190
Silveira is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Muto is a turper. Carillo is a jesher. Peery is a dymer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Silveira, Muto, Carillo, and Peery met at the rideshare. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:191
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Bangert is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dorazio is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Hammes is a motaswer. Peak is a jogunder. At the gallery opening event, Peak, Bangert, Hammes, and Dorazio connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:192
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Sobolewski is an orgemier. Buch is a dymer. Espiritu is a fangher. Picklesimer is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the high intensity class, Buch, Espiritu, Picklesimer, and Sobolewski met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:193
Lively is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Rainville is a jogunder. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Castleberry is a patalcer. Wiltshire is a dymer. At the park, Rainville, Lively, Wiltshire, and Castleberry started a conversation. The birds are wild and hungry! She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:194
Schwab is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Nesbit is a wenbumber. Daub is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Vicknair is a jogunder. At the boardwalk arcade, Nesbit, Daub, Vicknair, and Schwab met. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:195
Gaunt is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bergey is a pinwer. Cuervo is an intensier. Bowe is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the group vacation, Cuervo, Bergey, Gaunt, and Bowe met. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:196
Falcone is a pinwer. Housley is an ointer. Cronin is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Velarde is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the food court, Velarde, Cronin, Falcone, and Housley connected. The beer is excellent. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:197
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Eames is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Koning is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Chatelain is a ceeper. Brun is a motaswer. At the volunteer work, Eames, Chatelain, Koning, and Brun ran into each other. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:198
Smalls is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Bacher is an oterer. Buse is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Surface is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the bus station, Buse, Surface, Bacher, and Smalls met. Public transports are affordable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:199
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Trumble is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Broom is a mornisdeiver. Sladek is a fangher. Sroka is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Trumble, Sroka, Sladek, and Broom met at the communal dining restaurant. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:200
Steely is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Washburn is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Gabbert is a jesher. Kouba is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the food co-op, Kouba, Steely, Washburn, and Gabbert started a conversation. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. Ze reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:201
Earls is a pinwer. Teske is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sandhu is an orgemier. Sladek is an intensier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the public transport, Earls, Sandhu, Teske, and Sladek connected. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:202
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bax is a motaswer. Lozada is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lisle is an ointer. Robey is a turper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the boardwalk arcade, Lozada, Robey, Bax, and Lisle ran into each other. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:203
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Alongi is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gulledge is a pinwer. Messier is an ointer. Ficklin is an oterer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the group vacation, Ficklin, Alongi, Gulledge, and Messier ran into each other. Tours help one discover the city. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:204
Shutt is a dymer. Knerr is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Guillen is an intensier. Preuss is an orgemier. At the commuter bus, Knerr, Shutt, Preuss, and Guillen met. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:205
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Berumen is a jogunder. Goudeau is an intensier. Mayhew is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hofmann is a ceeper. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the party, Berumen, Hofmann, Mayhew, and Goudeau connected. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:206
Brittingham is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Blackwelder is an intensier. Specht is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Grossi is a fangher. Brittingham, Blackwelder, Specht, and Grossi met at the theater festival. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:207
Mcneely is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Hoggard is a gladiower. Fazekas is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Enamorado is a cluker. At the power yoga class, Mcneely, Fazekas, Enamorado, and Hoggard ran into each other. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:208
Ketron is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ledford is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Leaf is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ledgerwood is a mornisdeiver. At the power yoga class, Leaf, Ketron, Ledford, and Ledgerwood met. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:209
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Carmack is a pinwer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Reiser is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Clevenger is a ceeper. Keech is a jogunder. At the park, Carmack, Reiser, Clevenger, and Keech started a conversation. The dogs here are lovely. They told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:210
Sansom is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bucy is a spacter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Menard is a fangher. Bergh is an ointer. At the food co-op, Sansom, Menard, Bergh, and Bucy started a conversation. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:211
Stack is an ointer. Kehoe is a gladiower. Tomlin is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Hammitt is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kehoe, Tomlin, Hammitt, and Stack met at the boardwalk arcade. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:212
Dahlberg is a cluker. Prouty is an oterer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wiltshire is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hoskinson is a fangher. At the commuter bus, Hoskinson, Dahlberg, Prouty, and Wiltshire met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:213
Lowry is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Haefner is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Martinezlopez is a cluker. Gantz is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the volunteer organization meet, Lowry, Gantz, Haefner, and Martinezlopez started a conversation. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:214
Ebron is an orgemier. Forth is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Kirton is a jogunder. Goldsby is a pinwer. At the food and drink festival, Forth, Ebron, Kirton, and Goldsby started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:215
Button is a spacter. Benningfield is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Flanders is an orgemier. Solt is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the power yoga class, Button, Benningfield, Flanders, and Solt met. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. They reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:216
Urbanski is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Tedrick is a dymer. Seldon is a fangher. Lightner is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the charity car wash, Seldon, Tedrick, Urbanski, and Lightner connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ze reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:217
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Stell is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Rives is a pinwer. Weinstein is a turper. Scarpelli is a ceeper. At the networking event, Rives, Weinstein, Scarpelli, and Stell met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:218
Manzella is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schock is a quarancer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Swing is a patalcer. Dambrosio is a cluker. At the restaurant, Manzella, Dambrosio, Schock, and Swing started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:219
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Ekstrom is an orgemier. Lovette is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Sweatt is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Couturier is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the food court, Sweatt, Couturier, Ekstrom, and Lovette connected. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:220
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Enderle is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Varma is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Luckey is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Marlatt is a spacter. At the commuter bus, Varma, Enderle, Luckey, and Marlatt met. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:221
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Colbert is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Beagle is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Cozad is a pinwer. Farrand is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the boardwalk arcade, Beagle, Farrand, Cozad, and Colbert ran into each other. The games are a lot of fun. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:222
Weems is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Soltero is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cullum is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gabbert is a ceeper. Soltero, Cullum, Gabbert, and Weems met at the paintball courses. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:223
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Blackburn is a wenbumber. Brainerd is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Purifoy is a mornisdeiver. Whisenant is an ointer. At the communal dining restaurant, Blackburn, Whisenant, Purifoy, and Brainerd started a conversation. It is a cool place to hang out. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:224
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schutte is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Coniglio is a motaswer. Belanger is an orgemier. Nally is a spacter. At the partner dancing classes, Coniglio, Nally, Belanger, and Schutte ran into each other. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:225
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lipari is a cluker. Rumph is a mornisdeiver. Pritt is a dymer. Hyppolite is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the subway, Rumph, Lipari, Hyppolite, and Pritt started a conversation. People have different schedules. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:226
Garwood is a spacter. Turnbull is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Dearman is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Nock is a jesher. At the specialty retail store, Garwood, Nock, Dearman, and Turnbull met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:227
Arauz is a pinwer. Fleming is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lema is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Wiggs is a gladiower. Fleming, Wiggs, Arauz, and Lema met at the gallery opening event. It is open to the public. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:228
Costner is a gladiower. Grijalva is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bissonnette is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Parchman is a motaswer. Bissonnette, Parchman, Costner, and Grijalva met at the museum. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:229
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lusk is an onner. Parshall is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bazan is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Sood is a quarancer. At the club, Lusk, Sood, Parshall, and Bazan connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:230
Suber is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mallard is a motaswer. Swearingen is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kurowski is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the garden, Suber, Swearingen, Kurowski, and Mallard met. The park has a park toilet as well! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:231
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bock is a fangher. Longley is an orgemier. Nakata is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Staley is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the theater festival, Bock, Nakata, Longley, and Staley started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:232
Balsamo is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rieck is a jesher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Irby is an oterer. Morton is a ceeper. At the school reunion, Irby, Rieck, Morton, and Balsamo ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:233
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hendrickson is a quarancer. Hulsey is a dymer. Brambila is a pinwer. Harnden is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the club, Hulsey, Harnden, Hendrickson, and Brambila met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:234
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Durant is a dymer. Tagle is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Penland is a jogunder. Swain is a spacter. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the cigar bar, Durant, Tagle, Swain, and Penland ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:235
Weibel is a fangher. Bhatti is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Goodell is an intensier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Fredricks is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Fredricks, Bhatti, Weibel, and Goodell met. The game can be interesting. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:236
Kirton is a jogunder. Lodge is a ceeper. Shen is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Glazier is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Shen, Kirton, Lodge, and Glazier met at the theater festival. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:237
Treadwell is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Redfield is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sloat is a fangher. Hochstetler is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the volunteer organization meet, Sloat, Hochstetler, Treadwell, and Redfield ran into each other. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:238
Hosmer is a motaswer. Smyth is an oterer. Jarmon is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Clinkscales is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the subway, Smyth, Hosmer, Jarmon, and Clinkscales ran into each other. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:239
Humbert is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Heinen is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Diggins is a motaswer. Garg is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the garden, Diggins, Heinen, Garg, and Humbert met. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:240
Daye is a dymer. Debose is a motaswer. Arner is a patalcer. Hiett is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the high intensity class, Daye, Arner, Hiett, and Debose connected. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:241
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Widener is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Keach is a ceeper. Kramer is an oterer. Mccarter is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the group vacation, Widener, Keach, Mccarter, and Kramer connected. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:242
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Brouillette is an onner. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Whited is a cluker. Hazzard is an ointer. Degennaro is a fangher. Hazzard, Whited, Degennaro, and Brouillette met at the garden. The park is very green and refreshing. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:243
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Ingles is a mornisdeiver. Dunker is a wenbumber. Burkhart is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rosser is a quarancer. At the party, Dunker, Burkhart, Rosser, and Ingles started a conversation. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:244
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Seago is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stuber is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bardales is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Merrow is a quarancer. Bardales, Merrow, Stuber, and Seago met at the theater festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:245
Mckeel is a pinwer. Ribera is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Longo is a gladiower. Folds is a jogunder. At the gallery, Folds, Ribera, Longo, and Mckeel started a conversation. Museums are definitely not boring! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:246
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hickok is a turper. Mull is a cluker. Hanger is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Narayanan is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the rideshare, Hickok, Hanger, Mull, and Narayanan started a conversation. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:247
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Coddington is a fangher. Wickstrom is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mcgary is an oterer. Largent is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the group vacation, Largent, Wickstrom, Mcgary, and Coddington ran into each other. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:248
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Kresge is a turper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gent is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Huitt is a pinwer. Griggs is an orgemier. At the cigar bar, Gent, Kresge, Huitt, and Griggs ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:249
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Shoemaker is an intensier. Fleisher is a wenbumber. Shive is an oterer. Werts is a pinwer. At the paintball courses, Shoemaker, Werts, Fleisher, and Shive connected. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ey reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:250
Santee is a quarancer. Rish is an orgemier. Zurek is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Ohara is a jesher. At the car show, Rish, Zurek, Ohara, and Santee met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:251
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Trumbo is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Weis is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Oberholtzer is an intensier. Nally is a spacter. At the food and drink festival, Oberholtzer, Weis, Nally, and Trumbo ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:252
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Calderon is an intensier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tarvin is a dymer. Buckmaster is an onner. Sarkisian is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the theater festival, Tarvin, Calderon, Sarkisian, and Buckmaster started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:253
Mcclusky is a spacter. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Azar is an onner. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Monsivais is a turper. Clauss is an oterer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the garden, Mcclusky, Clauss, Azar, and Monsivais connected. The picnic line is very short in this park. Ze reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:254
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Shank is a wenbumber. Winkelmann is a fangher. Camilleri is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ranck is an intensier. At the commuter bus, Shank, Winkelmann, Camilleri, and Ranck ran into each other. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:255
Rothe is a jogunder. Mailloux is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Collard is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Birdwell is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the cigar bar, Rothe, Mailloux, Birdwell, and Collard ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:256
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Lochner is an oterer. Borne is a jogunder. Silvey is a fangher. Pisciotta is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food co-op, Pisciotta, Lochner, Borne, and Silvey connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:257
Castelo is an oterer. Goetz is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pacheco is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Golub is an onner. At the communal dining restaurant, Castelo, Pacheco, Goetz, and Golub connected. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:258
Gilson is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Carraway is a turper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Delamora is an onner. Games is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the museum, Delamora, Games, Carraway, and Gilson connected. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:259
Lott is an oterer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mckey is an onner. Speth is a spacter. Quimby is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the restaurant, Speth, Quimby, Lott, and Mckey connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:260
Audet is a jesher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Byun is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Banes is a patalcer. Mcdaniel is an ointer. At the high intensity class, Banes, Mcdaniel, Audet, and Byun connected. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:261
Minto is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Umstead is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Veal is a jesher. Hagins is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the market, Veal, Umstead, Hagins, and Minto connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:262
Stambaugh is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Buda is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Dungan is a gladiower. Foor is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the food court, Stambaugh, Buda, Foor, and Dungan started a conversation. The coffee tea is great. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:263
Towler is a ceeper. Macke is a quarancer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Platt is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bitter is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the park, Towler, Platt, Macke, and Bitter ran into each other. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:264
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Perezperez is a pinwer. Parchman is a fangher. Capellan is a turper. Dearth is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the communal dining restaurant, Parchman, Perezperez, Dearth, and Capellan connected. The beer is excellent. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:265
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Frandsen is a ceeper. Trombley is a jesher. Jonson is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mccullar is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the improvisation class, Mccullar, Jonson, Trombley, and Frandsen met. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:266
Caudle is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Poplin is a motaswer. Lenihan is a turper. Wanamaker is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the power yoga class, Poplin, Caudle, Wanamaker, and Lenihan started a conversation. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:267
Kibbe is a turper. Villafuerte is a gladiower. Aitken is a quarancer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bak is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the volunteer work, Villafuerte, Bak, Kibbe, and Aitken met. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:268
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Cortinas is a quarancer. Eberhart is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wallner is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Thornburg is a patalcer. Wallner, Cortinas, Thornburg, and Eberhart met at the food co-op. The place is nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:269
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Boney is a quarancer. Nagle is an intensier. Kral is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mcentire is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food and drink festival, Boney, Mcentire, Kral, and Nagle met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:270
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Makris is a ceeper. Vanhook is a turper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kight is a motaswer. Cluck is a mornisdeiver. At the restaurant, Vanhook, Makris, Kight, and Cluck ran into each other. It is a cool place to hang out. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:271
Gilder is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hoskin is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Camarena is a ceeper. Stromberg is a turper. At the party, Gilder, Stromberg, Camarena, and Hoskin started a conversation. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:272
Busse is a jesher. Forbes is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Reichenbach is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Myhre is a wenbumber. Myhre, Busse, Reichenbach, and Forbes met at the group vacation. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:273
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fiorentino is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Feuerstein is a cluker. Nesbitt is a fangher. Sambrano is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sambrano, Fiorentino, Feuerstein, and Nesbitt met at the club. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:274
Lefkowitz is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Nemitz is a gladiower. Montanez is a wenbumber. Sroka is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the improvisation class, Montanez, Sroka, Lefkowitz, and Nemitz ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:275
Pestana is a pinwer. Duchene is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Garza is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Burzynski is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the power yoga class, Burzynski, Pestana, Garza, and Duchene connected. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:276
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Wozniak is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rosemond is a mornisdeiver. Merwin is a ceeper. Santelli is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the party, Wozniak, Rosemond, Merwin, and Santelli ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:277
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Repp is an oterer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Rosenzweig is a gladiower. Mrozek is a fangher. Flatley is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the public transport, Flatley, Rosenzweig, Mrozek, and Repp met. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:278
Bale is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Landau is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Ranallo is a pinwer. Barco is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the archery class, Barco, Ranallo, Bale, and Landau started a conversation. All the group members have the freedom to get together. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:279
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Binion is a wenbumber. Whitehurst is a ceeper. Zambrano is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Otwell is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the car show, Otwell, Binion, Zambrano, and Whitehurst met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:280
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Frechette is an intensier. Smithers is a motaswer. Steiner is an onner. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Abadie is a cluker. At the theater festival, Frechette, Abadie, Smithers, and Steiner started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:281
Woodworth is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Jeanjacques is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kirwan is a fangher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wickstrom is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the archery class, Jeanjacques, Wickstrom, Kirwan, and Woodworth connected. Classes teach new things every week. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:282
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Secrest is a mornisdeiver. Burkart is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mullens is a jesher. Ojo is a turper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the market, Mullens, Ojo, Secrest, and Burkart connected. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:283
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Montanez is a spacter. Lax is a dymer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rohn is an ointer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Oldfield is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the school reunion, Lax, Rohn, Oldfield, and Montanez started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:284
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Danley is a turper. Mckim is a fangher. Hemphill is a dymer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Phipps is a jesher. At the subway, Danley, Phipps, Hemphill, and Mckim started a conversation. Public transports are eco-friendly. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:285
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bayliss is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Toles is an intensier. Loman is a fangher. Redwine is a jogunder. At the party, Loman, Toles, Bayliss, and Redwine met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:286
Parisi is a spacter. Riggio is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Boler is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Virgen is a dymer. Boler, Virgen, Parisi, and Riggio met at the group vacation. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. Ey reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:287
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Reimann is a ceeper. Makris is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Liao is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Corby is an onner. At the car show, Corby, Liao, Makris, and Reimann met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:288
White is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kinner is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Eustace is a pinwer. Carpentier is an onner. At the networking event, Kinner, Eustace, Carpentier, and White met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:289
Herzig is an oterer. Marble is a turper. Burnside is a dymer. Wittig is a cluker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the power yoga class, Herzig, Wittig, Burnside, and Marble started a conversation. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:290
Lineberry is an orgemier. Okane is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Willman is an ointer. Viveiros is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the market, Lineberry, Viveiros, Willman, and Okane started a conversation. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:291
Fleury is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Strube is a quarancer. Vanhook is an intensier. Stokley is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the job fair, Strube, Vanhook, Fleury, and Stokley ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:292
Pulaski is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lefkowitz is an orgemier. Panchal is a motaswer. Liptak is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Liptak, Panchal, Lefkowitz, and Pulaski met at the communal dining restaurant. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:293
Kilbourne is a fangher. Katz is a patalcer. Blood is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Weidman is a ceeper. At the group vacation, Kilbourne, Blood, Weidman, and Katz connected. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:294
Newport is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Gobble is a turper. Meaux is a patalcer. Alameda is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the comic book expo, Meaux, Gobble, Newport, and Alameda ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:295
Laymon is an orgemier. Gress is an intensier. Bostick is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Reising is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Laymon, Gress, Reising, and Bostick met at the volunteer work. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:296
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Booher is a gladiower. Foulk is a jesher. Boggs is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dahlin is a motaswer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the car show, Booher, Dahlin, Foulk, and Boggs connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:297
Grondin is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Buch is an intensier. Foor is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gettinger is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the rideshare, Grondin, Buch, Foor, and Gettinger connected. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:298
Lowenstein is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ostrowski is an intensier. Buske is a ceeper. Favreau is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the club, Buske, Lowenstein, Favreau, and Ostrowski met. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:299
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ingrassia is a jesher. Heinze is a mornisdeiver. Mortenson is an ointer. Ponds is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Ponds, Heinze, Ingrassia, and Mortenson met at the restaurant. The food here is very tasty. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:300
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Luviano is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Orosz is a ceeper. Mchale is an ointer. Perlman is a patalcer. At the gallery opening event, Luviano, Orosz, Perlman, and Mchale connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:301
Loya is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gabel is a patalcer. Bowers is a ceeper. Abed is a jesher. Abed, Gabel, Bowers, and Loya met at the food and drink festival. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:302
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Gentner is a jogunder. Farwell is an onner. Baynes is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Snider is a fangher. At the gallery opening event, Baynes, Farwell, Gentner, and Snider started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:303
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Llanes is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Degennaro is an intensier. Purser is a jogunder. Correll is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the bus station, Correll, Purser, Llanes, and Degennaro met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:304
Bronstein is a cluker. Hollenbach is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Ferber is a pinwer. Etheredge is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the food and drink festival, Hollenbach, Ferber, Bronstein, and Etheredge ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:305
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. March is a fangher. Goodell is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Chee is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Suydam is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Suydam, Goodell, Chee, and March met at the park. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:306
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Sciacca is a mornisdeiver. Mead is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Spagnuolo is a dymer. Weinstein is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the communal dining restaurant, Mead, Spagnuolo, Sciacca, and Weinstein ran into each other. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:307
Uecker is a fangher. Boger is a patalcer. Venditti is an oterer. Gutshall is a turper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the paintball courses, Venditti, Boger, Uecker, and Gutshall started a conversation. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:308
Alverson is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Licona is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lantigua is a ceeper. Exline is a jesher. At the park, Exline, Lantigua, Licona, and Alverson ran into each other. The park is beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:309
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Beemer is an ointer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Cancel is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Henriksen is a wenbumber. Whidden is a spacter. At the commuter bus, Cancel, Henriksen, Whidden, and Beemer met. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:310
Seago is an oterer. Hennigan is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rosin is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Samaroo is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the garden, Samaroo, Hennigan, Seago, and Rosin ran into each other. There are different varieties of plants here! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:311
Hornbuckle is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rogge is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bazaldua is an ointer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ingrassia is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the food and drink festival, Hornbuckle, Rogge, Bazaldua, and Ingrassia ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:312
Dangerfield is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sargeant is a cluker. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dalley is a spacter. Roye is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dalley, Roye, Sargeant, and Dangerfield met at the paintball courses. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:313
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Zuniga is a patalcer. Chino is a spacter. Colligan is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Thibeault is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the group vacation, Thibeault, Chino, Zuniga, and Colligan started a conversation. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:314
Devito is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Taormina is an intensier. Lucier is a patalcer. Knop is a gladiower. At the school reunion, Knop, Devito, Taormina, and Lucier ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:315
Lewandowski is an onner. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Deford is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Wine is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Trosclair is a wenbumber. Trosclair, Wine, Lewandowski, and Deford met at the food and drink festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:316
Gadson is a mornisdeiver. Collis is a wenbumber. Blackwelder is a turper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bartelt is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the networking event, Collis, Gadson, Blackwelder, and Bartelt connected. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:317
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Peppers is a cluker. Kubiak is a fangher. Shipman is a dymer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Grosso is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kubiak, Grosso, Peppers, and Shipman met at the gallery. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:318
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Shamblin is a motaswer. Sze is a quarancer. Tuazon is a jogunder. Strohl is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Tuazon, Shamblin, Strohl, and Sze met at the communal dining restaurant. The food here is very tasty. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:319
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Isenberg is a dymer. Halstead is a patalcer. Stroble is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Schmidt is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the partner dancing classes, Isenberg, Schmidt, Stroble, and Halstead ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:320
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ekstrom is a ceeper. Luton is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hartshorn is an onner. Wiltshire is a wenbumber. At the museum, Luton, Hartshorn, Ekstrom, and Wiltshire connected. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:321
Markert is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Jiron is an oterer. Lingenfelter is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hiatt is a fangher. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food and drink festival, Markert, Hiatt, Lingenfelter, and Jiron met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:322
Balmer is an intensier. Hintz is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gallop is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Whipple is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the communal dining restaurant, Whipple, Balmer, Gallop, and Hintz ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:323
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Lisle is an ointer. Fournier is a wenbumber. Karch is an orgemier. Ring is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the group vacation, Ring, Karch, Fournier, and Lisle met. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. Ze reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:324
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Conwell is a spacter. Isler is an orgemier. Guinn is a quarancer. Poisson is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the volunteer organization meet, Conwell, Guinn, Isler, and Poisson connected. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:325
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Worsley is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hendley is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Goulette is an oterer. Mcdonough is a mornisdeiver. At the networking event, Goulette, Worsley, Hendley, and Mcdonough started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:326
Mauney is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mayweather is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Goering is a spacter. Henninger is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the specialty retail store, Mayweather, Mauney, Goering, and Henninger connected. The market is divided into sub-markets. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:327
Fuqua is a turper. Rosalez is a jesher. Lobb is a cluker. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ghosh is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the paintball courses, Lobb, Ghosh, Rosalez, and Fuqua ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:328
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bey is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Worman is a mornisdeiver. Hanshaw is a jesher. Mallet is a patalcer. At the paintball courses, Hanshaw, Bey, Worman, and Mallet ran into each other. This class has amazing outcomes. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:329
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Shinkle is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Orange is an onner. Guynn is a turper. Zink is a dymer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the market, Zink, Guynn, Orange, and Shinkle started a conversation. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:330
Knipe is an orgemier. Felan is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cardoso is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Roberson is a gladiower. At the power yoga class, Felan, Knipe, Cardoso, and Roberson connected. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:331
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Scannell is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Oliphant is a wenbumber. Buda is a dymer. Turco is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the cigar bar, Turco, Scannell, Buda, and Oliphant started a conversation. The coffee cake is quite good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:332
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Botero is an ointer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Converse is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bowens is a motaswer. Aybar is a jesher. At the theater festival, Converse, Aybar, Bowens, and Botero connected. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:333
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Varma is a jesher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mcphail is a cluker. Venters is a spacter. Scheele is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Scheele, Mcphail, Varma, and Venters met at the boardwalk arcade. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. They reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:334
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Tolan is an orgemier. Mcreynolds is a pinwer. Bohnert is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Denmark is a dymer. Tolan, Denmark, Mcreynolds, and Bohnert met at the group vacation. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:335
Allard is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kilbourn is an oterer. Bowers is a gladiower. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Raab is an onner. At the volunteer organization meet, Kilbourn, Raab, Bowers, and Allard started a conversation. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:336
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Uresti is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Armour is an ointer. Waltz is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Just is a motaswer. Waltz, Armour, Uresti, and Just met at the cigar bar. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:337
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Beach is an intensier. Sargeant is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Storck is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Fontaine is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fontaine, Storck, Beach, and Sargeant met at the public transport. The public buses are comfortable to ride. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:338
Masiello is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bewley is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Spilman is an intensier. Wear is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the public transport, Masiello, Bewley, Wear, and Spilman started a conversation. People have different schedules. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:339
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gobel is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Metcalf is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Garciaperez is a patalcer. Marrero is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the paintball courses, Garciaperez, Metcalf, Gobel, and Marrero met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:340
Wiese is a fangher. Bayliss is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Betancur is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Edens is an onner. At the party, Wiese, Bayliss, Edens, and Betancur connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:341
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mcqueary is a gladiower. Bales is an ointer. Werth is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Weatherspoon is an oterer. Weatherspoon, Mcqueary, Bales, and Werth met at the subway. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:342
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gurrola is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gurley is a cluker. Koning is a pinwer. Fleischman is an ointer. At the market, Gurrola, Koning, Fleischman, and Gurley started a conversation. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:343
Neuberger is a dymer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Guillot is a fangher. Kolar is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Labarge is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the paintball courses, Kolar, Labarge, Guillot, and Neuberger met. The class has interesting sessions. Ze reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:344
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Abebe is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Parise is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Brokaw is a jesher. Yoho is an onner. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the communal dining restaurant, Parise, Yoho, Abebe, and Brokaw ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:345
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Frisk is a quarancer. Silvernail is a wenbumber. Buckingham is a mornisdeiver. Severe is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the food court, Severe, Silvernail, Frisk, and Buckingham started a conversation. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:346
Gupta is a jogunder. Sego is a cluker. Kearney is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Glidden is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the networking event, Glidden, Sego, Gupta, and Kearney ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:347
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Sartin is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Crowson is a pinwer. Kays is an orgemier. Eberle is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity car wash, Kays, Sartin, Eberle, and Crowson met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:348
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bush is a motaswer. Flanagan is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mcpherson is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mckellar is a turper. Mcpherson, Flanagan, Mckellar, and Bush met at the commuter bus. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:349
Medellin is a dymer. Hickson is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stambaugh is an ointer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Giannone is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the paintball courses, Hickson, Stambaugh, Giannone, and Medellin ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:350
Hosking is a jesher. Heinrichs is an orgemier. Efird is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Palmeri is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Heinrichs, Palmeri, Efird, and Hosking met at the cigar bar. The beer is excellent. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:351
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mcaleer is a gladiower. Terhune is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ezzell is an onner. Hilbert is a quarancer. At the food and drink festival, Terhune, Hilbert, Ezzell, and Mcaleer connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:352
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Grogan is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Malo is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Tun is a jesher. Modi is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the car show, Grogan, Modi, Malo, and Tun connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:353
Bangs is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hedgecock is a fangher. Spurrier is a gladiower. Hession is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hession, Spurrier, Hedgecock, and Bangs met at the garden. The park is beautiful. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:354
Lengacher is a fangher. Ells is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kirton is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Yin is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Yin, Kirton, Ells, and Lengacher met at the park. The park is very green and refreshing. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:355
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Whiteside is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Homes is a ceeper. Pierro is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Fogle is a mornisdeiver. At the rideshare, Homes, Whiteside, Pierro, and Fogle ran into each other. People have different schedules. Ze reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:356
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pierrelouis is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Huckabee is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Clodfelter is a quarancer. Weinstock is a cluker. At the specialty retail store, Pierrelouis, Weinstock, Huckabee, and Clodfelter ran into each other. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:357
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Brame is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Buentello is a jogunder. Hile is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Benningfield is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Buentello, Hile, Benningfield, and Brame met at the networking event. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:358
Nagata is a spacter. Koop is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Pulsifer is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Barrera is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Pulsifer, Koop, Nagata, and Barrera met at the specialty retail store. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:359
Forester is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Schutz is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Oberlander is a pinwer. Zerbe is an orgemier. At the archery class, Schutz, Oberlander, Zerbe, and Forester started a conversation. Each session teaches a different theme. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:360
Bitter is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Youn is an onner. Hostetler is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cribb is a patalcer. At the paintball courses, Bitter, Hostetler, Youn, and Cribb met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:361
Hagins is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hoyos is an intensier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Goldberger is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Henriques is a gladiower. Henriques, Goldberger, Hagins, and Hoyos met at the networking event. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:362
Bunn is an orgemier. Braunstein is a gladiower. Priester is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sipos is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the job fair, Priester, Sipos, Braunstein, and Bunn started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:363
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pimental is a jogunder. Mirabal is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lint is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Hardee is a cluker. At the park, Lint, Hardee, Pimental, and Mirabal connected. The park site for more information about the location. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:364
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Homa is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Scala is a wenbumber. Repp is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rivas is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the food and drink festival, Scala, Homa, Rivas, and Repp connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:365
Pang is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Caso is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Porath is a turper. Burkes is a ceeper. At the gallery opening event, Pang, Caso, Burkes, and Porath ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:366
Foutch is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lamarca is an ointer. Oropeza is a cluker. Baumbach is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the car show, Lamarca, Foutch, Baumbach, and Oropeza connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:367
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Funez is a patalcer. Wilmes is an intensier. Shields is a spacter. Straker is a mornisdeiver. At the cigar bar, Straker, Shields, Funez, and Wilmes connected. One of the few spots for everyone. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:368
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Buff is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Beato is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Schiffer is a wenbumber. Deloach is a motaswer. Schiffer, Buff, Deloach, and Beato met at the school reunion. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:369
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Carruth is an ointer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Merck is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Aguilar is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wipf is a wenbumber. At the garden, Aguilar, Wipf, Merck, and Carruth started a conversation. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:370
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Kraft is a wenbumber. Shrock is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Scholl is a jesher. Imperial is an orgemier. At the school reunion, Scholl, Imperial, Shrock, and Kraft connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:371
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wipf is a ceeper. Gumbs is a dymer. Haslam is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sandoval is an intensier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the comic book expo, Wipf, Haslam, Sandoval, and Gumbs ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:372
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Caracciolo is a wenbumber. Vargo is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hassett is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Turley is a motaswer. At the public transport, Hassett, Caracciolo, Turley, and Vargo started a conversation. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:373
Sorto is a quarancer. Montanez is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Converse is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Heffron is an orgemier. At the garden, Montanez, Converse, Sorto, and Heffron connected. The park looks nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:374
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Vanauken is a cluker. Merlo is a fangher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Burnley is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kittle is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Vanauken, Merlo, Kittle, and Burnley met at the power yoga class. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:375
Homa is a motaswer. Brendel is a fangher. Bass is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sherrard is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Homa, Sherrard, Bass, and Brendel met at the charity car wash. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:376
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Covert is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Linscott is a quarancer. Kast is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Wozniak is a patalcer. At the park, Linscott, Covert, Wozniak, and Kast started a conversation. The park has a lot of gardens. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:377
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lozada is an onner. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Raimondi is an orgemier. Akers is a dymer. Sears is a quarancer. At the power yoga class, Akers, Lozada, Raimondi, and Sears connected. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:378
Struck is a gladiower. Brainerd is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hernandez is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lefkowitz is a mornisdeiver. At the party, Brainerd, Hernandez, Struck, and Lefkowitz ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:379
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Beery is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Hartung is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Croker is an ointer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Deford is a jesher. At the power yoga class, Beery, Croker, Hartung, and Deford met. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:380
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sachs is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kallas is a motaswer. Knapik is a jogunder. Ponds is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the bus station, Sachs, Ponds, Knapik, and Kallas ran into each other. Public transports are affordable. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:381
Gettinger is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Easterling is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Strickler is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Bayes is a spacter. At the group vacation, Strickler, Gettinger, Bayes, and Easterling ran into each other. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:382
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dutta is an ointer. Ertel is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dietrick is a mornisdeiver. Craver is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the subway, Dutta, Craver, Dietrick, and Ertel met. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:383
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Broadhurst is a spacter. Lagrone is a patalcer. Nagle is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cessna is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the networking event, Lagrone, Broadhurst, Nagle, and Cessna met. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:384
Armour is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ziemba is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Calhoun is a fangher. Corlew is an onner. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the public transport, Corlew, Armour, Ziemba, and Calhoun ran into each other. Public transports are eco-friendly. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:385
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Prindle is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hagood is a pinwer. Breedlove is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chino is an onner. At the job fair, Breedlove, Chino, Hagood, and Prindle connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:386
Trumble is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Feathers is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mcneill is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tortora is a gladiower. At the food co-op, Tortora, Mcneill, Trumble, and Feathers ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:387
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Westhoff is a mornisdeiver. Grondin is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Kowalski is a patalcer. Spoon is a dymer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the subway, Grondin, Westhoff, Spoon, and Kowalski connected. Public transportation will have increased transit times. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:388
Martucci is a turper. Garg is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Reinhard is a wenbumber. Guajardo is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the partner dancing classes, Guajardo, Garg, Reinhard, and Martucci met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. They reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:389
Zullo is an ointer. Goins is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Haughton is a pinwer. Shetty is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Haughton, Goins, Zullo, and Shetty met at the theater festival. A lot of people participate in these events! Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:390
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dunning is a jogunder. Sainz is a spacter. Pyles is an intensier. Mcdonough is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the comic book expo, Pyles, Mcdonough, Dunning, and Sainz started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:391
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hargreaves is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stender is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Orona is a turper. Zito is a quarancer. At the comic book expo, Hargreaves, Orona, Stender, and Zito ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:392
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Severt is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Towers is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Nave is an intensier. Cheramie is an onner. Cheramie, Nave, Towers, and Severt met at the theater festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:393
Mireles is a dymer. Gress is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Naumann is an intensier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Castrejon is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the communal dining restaurant, Mireles, Naumann, Gress, and Castrejon connected. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:394
Puleo is a gladiower. Orndorff is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Zakrzewski is a jesher. Stillman is an intensier. At the improvisation class, Puleo, Orndorff, Stillman, and Zakrzewski started a conversation. The class is fun! Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:395
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Guay is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Broach is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Daye is a ceeper. Fullerton is an oterer. Broach, Daye, Fullerton, and Guay met at the cigar bar. The food here is very tasty. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:396
Bedoya is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mckie is an ointer. Knipe is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Swindle is a wenbumber. Knipe, Bedoya, Swindle, and Mckie met at the volunteer work. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:397
Reams is an intensier. Logsdon is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tuller is a gladiower. Xue is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the restaurant, Logsdon, Xue, Reams, and Tuller started a conversation. The place was crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:398
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pang is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Fyfe is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Castelan is a mornisdeiver. Sisneros is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the park, Castelan, Sisneros, Pang, and Fyfe connected. The park looks nice. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:399
Choy is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Modi is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Honaker is a fangher. Henshaw is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the networking event, Honaker, Modi, Henshaw, and Choy met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:400
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Spicer is a wenbumber. Riggle is an orgemier. Mckenney is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Engelmann is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the gallery, Mckenney, Engelmann, Riggle, and Spicer connected. The museum would be great to come back again and again! They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:401
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hoosier is an ointer. Homes is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Clear is a pinwer. Chrzanowski is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the public transport, Chrzanowski, Hoosier, Clear, and Homes connected. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:402
Moloney is a patalcer. Mull is an intensier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Carreras is an onner. Metoyer is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mull, Moloney, Metoyer, and Carreras met at the club. The coffee tastes good. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:403
Bobo is an ointer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Etheredge is a turper. Hornbeck is an onner. Charpentier is an intensier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the paintball courses, Bobo, Etheredge, Charpentier, and Hornbeck connected. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:404
Woodruff is a cluker. Casarez is a spacter. Bush is a fangher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Callihan is a patalcer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Bush, Casarez, Callihan, and Woodruff met at the food court. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:405
Michaelis is a patalcer. Clodfelter is a cluker. Lovern is a jesher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Parkinson is a mornisdeiver. At the networking event, Parkinson, Lovern, Michaelis, and Clodfelter connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:406
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Wardlaw is a fangher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hales is a spacter. Freitas is a patalcer. Barthel is a turper. At the commuter bus, Wardlaw, Barthel, Freitas, and Hales ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:407
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Moring is an oterer. Kazmierczak is a motaswer. Reppert is an intensier. Mitchem is a jesher. Mitchem, Reppert, Kazmierczak, and Moring met at the cigar bar. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:408
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Oliphant is an onner. Latimore is a fangher. Paolucci is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Rudnick is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the gallery, Oliphant, Paolucci, Latimore, and Rudnick connected. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:409
Covington is a jogunder. Serratos is an onner. Shaikh is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Culpepper is a cluker. Serratos, Culpepper, Covington, and Shaikh met at the theater festival. A large number of people attend these events. Ey reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:410
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Limas is a motaswer. Walls is a quarancer. Uriostegui is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Deschamps is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the public transport, Limas, Deschamps, Walls, and Uriostegui connected. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:411
Whiteley is an orgemier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Montenegro is a cluker. Odwyer is a turper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Urquhart is a patalcer. At the food court, Montenegro, Odwyer, Whiteley, and Urquhart ran into each other. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:412
Ingles is an orgemier. Baskett is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Vanover is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Tousignant is a mornisdeiver. At the power yoga class, Baskett, Tousignant, Vanover, and Ingles ran into each other. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:413
Horney is an oterer. Hocutt is a fangher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Verde is a gladiower. Shu is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the club, Hocutt, Horney, Shu, and Verde met. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:414
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hux is a quarancer. Chartier is a jesher. Duval is a dymer. Schulman is a fangher. Schulman, Duval, Hux, and Chartier met at the bus station. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:415
Wurster is a motaswer. Lucatero is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Earls is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Frisk is a quarancer. At the improvisation class, Lucatero, Frisk, Wurster, and Earls started a conversation. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:416
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Buckmaster is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Foraker is a wenbumber. Torres is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lively is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the partner dancing classes, Lively, Foraker, Torres, and Buckmaster met. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:417
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Biro is a motaswer. Merida is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Benites is a quarancer. Watterson is a pinwer. At the networking event, Benites, Merida, Biro, and Watterson connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:418
Dowd is a quarancer. Azar is a patalcer. Dimond is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Skowronski is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Skowronski, Dowd, Azar, and Dimond met at the improvisation class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:419
Pauly is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Casagrande is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bouton is a pinwer. Esparza is a mornisdeiver. At the public transport, Pauly, Casagrande, Bouton, and Esparza met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:420
Chon is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Morrissette is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Ropp is a turper. Salamone is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the specialty retail store, Ropp, Chon, Salamone, and Morrissette started a conversation. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:421
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Orosz is a quarancer. Poulter is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Caba is a ceeper. Vanwagner is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the gallery, Vanwagner, Poulter, Orosz, and Caba ran into each other. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:422
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sumrall is a dymer. Ronning is a fangher. Wear is a wenbumber. Koepp is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the paintball courses, Wear, Koepp, Sumrall, and Ronning started a conversation. The class is fun! He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:423
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Castelan is a pinwer. Stoller is a patalcer. Cutright is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Santilli is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the communal dining restaurant, Stoller, Santilli, Castelan, and Cutright connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:424
Farquhar is an onner. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Heimann is a quarancer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Piner is a fangher. Seidler is a wenbumber. At the cigar bar, Farquhar, Piner, Seidler, and Heimann started a conversation. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:425
Metzler is an ointer. Maag is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Foxworth is a motaswer. Baskett is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the club, Baskett, Metzler, Maag, and Foxworth connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:426
Suydam is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Grissom is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gann is an oterer. Healy is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the gallery opening event, Healy, Suydam, Gann, and Grissom connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:427
Poplin is a fangher. Puryear is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Harrod is a cluker. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Reuter is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Puryear, Reuter, Harrod, and Poplin met at the gallery. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:428
Nygren is a fangher. Offutt is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stoddard is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Balmer is a cluker. At the comic book expo, Stoddard, Balmer, Offutt, and Nygren ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:429
Wallen is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Goble is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lanza is a mornisdeiver. Stuber is a jogunder. Goble, Lanza, Wallen, and Stuber met at the cigar bar. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:430
Weidman is a gladiower. Stowe is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lawley is a spacter. Strauser is a jogunder. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the restaurant, Strauser, Stowe, Lawley, and Weidman ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:431
Propst is a jesher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Humbert is an ointer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Fava is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Neff is a patalcer. At the school reunion, Propst, Humbert, Fava, and Neff started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:432
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Donoho is an intensier. Huizenga is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Leiby is an orgemier. Arevalo is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the museum, Huizenga, Donoho, Leiby, and Arevalo met. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:433
Eye is a gladiower. Freed is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Searls is a jogunder. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Faught is an onner. Faught, Freed, Eye, and Searls met at the club. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:434
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Goble is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mrozek is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Tolley is a fangher. Costley is an ointer. Mrozek, Costley, Goble, and Tolley met at the improvisation class. The class has interesting sessions. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:435
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Parson is a mornisdeiver. Paez is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Vanegas is a turper. Stimac is a dymer. At the food and drink festival, Vanegas, Parson, Paez, and Stimac connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:436
Holdsworth is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Moloney is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Nieves is an orgemier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Chakraborty is an onner. At the volunteer organization meet, Moloney, Chakraborty, Nieves, and Holdsworth connected. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:437
Dowling is a turper. Boisvert is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kuipers is a fangher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Steeves is an onner. At the museum, Boisvert, Dowling, Kuipers, and Steeves started a conversation. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:438
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Tomlin is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Parshall is a fangher. Ikeda is a jogunder. Piner is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the power yoga class, Parshall, Tomlin, Piner, and Ikeda met. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:439
Durgin is a cluker. Longo is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Fronk is a dymer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Claxton is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the party, Longo, Claxton, Fronk, and Durgin ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:440
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Tabora is a jesher. Hemmer is a fangher. Skoglund is an oterer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Denison is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the food court, Denison, Tabora, Skoglund, and Hemmer met. The drinks are served on time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:441
Trieu is a jogunder. Nygren is an intensier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Gaunt is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Smelser is a turper. Nygren, Trieu, Gaunt, and Smelser met at the garden. The park is beautiful. They told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:442
Grossi is an oterer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ruhland is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cantero is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Liriano is an onner. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food court, Ruhland, Grossi, Cantero, and Liriano started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:443
Farnum is a patalcer. Carrier is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cashman is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Abate is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Abate, Cashman, Farnum, and Carrier met at the job fair. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:444
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rivard is an orgemier. Runge is a motaswer. Perreira is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Farquharson is a mornisdeiver. At the party, Perreira, Rivard, Runge, and Farquharson connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:445
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Flinchum is a pinwer. Maharaj is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Schober is a turper. Mcentire is an intensier. At the subway, Mcentire, Schober, Maharaj, and Flinchum started a conversation. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:446
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hodgin is a jesher. Mcclinton is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Seaborn is a pinwer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Read is a turper. Mcclinton, Hodgin, Seaborn, and Read met at the gallery opening event. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:447
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stagg is a quarancer. Gamber is an oterer. Belanger is a patalcer. Cheatwood is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the power yoga class, Cheatwood, Gamber, Belanger, and Stagg ran into each other. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:448
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mcchesney is a ceeper. Everhart is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Haislip is a cluker. Wiltshire is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the car show, Haislip, Mcchesney, Wiltshire, and Everhart connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:449
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Solem is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Honaker is an ointer. Lingle is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Gatton is a jogunder. At the improvisation class, Solem, Gatton, Honaker, and Lingle ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:450
Suber is a cluker. Bye is an ointer. Hartnett is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Deford is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the party, Suber, Deford, Bye, and Hartnett connected. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:451
Sabado is an oterer. Nees is a quarancer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Guinn is a spacter. Gerrish is a cluker. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the volunteer organization meet, Sabado, Nees, Guinn, and Gerrish connected. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:452
Kreger is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Berger is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cheatham is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fairweather is a gladiower. Cheatham, Kreger, Berger, and Fairweather met at the restaurant. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:453
Struck is a fangher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Schiefelbein is a dymer. Nichol is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Coder is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the power yoga class, Nichol, Schiefelbein, Coder, and Struck connected. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:454
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Flesch is a dymer. Nathanson is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Moulton is an oterer. Allgood is a mornisdeiver. At the park, Allgood, Flesch, Moulton, and Nathanson met. The park has a park toilet as well! They reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:455
Maciejewski is a motaswer. Yon is an intensier. Capron is a dymer. Corum is a cluker. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Maciejewski, Capron, Corum, and Yon met at the specialty retail store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:456
Mong is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Marlatt is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Schuett is a gladiower. Gosselin is an intensier. At the commuter bus, Gosselin, Mong, Schuett, and Marlatt started a conversation. People have different schedules. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:457
Fairweather is a fangher. Stockman is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Arbogast is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Recio is a gladiower. At the subway, Recio, Fairweather, Stockman, and Arbogast ran into each other. The public transports are public. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:458
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Concha is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Danley is an ointer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Fahy is a dymer. Wein is a motaswer. At the garden, Concha, Danley, Fahy, and Wein met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:459
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Patten is an orgemier. Mccurry is an ointer. Manzo is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Matos is an intensier. At the school reunion, Patten, Manzo, Matos, and Mccurry started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:460
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Piatt is a spacter. Shoemaker is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gardea is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pierrelouis is a mornisdeiver. At the club, Pierrelouis, Shoemaker, Piatt, and Gardea met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:461
Castleberry is a dymer. Hui is an oterer. Poll is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Fortier is a cluker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Poll, Fortier, Hui, and Castleberry met at the club. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:462
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Housman is a fangher. Stonge is a pinwer. Smiley is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Stenson is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Housman, Stonge, Smiley, and Stenson met at the market. The market is divided into sub-markets. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:463
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Whidden is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Stender is a patalcer. Garg is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Criner is an orgemier. At the archery class, Stender, Criner, Garg, and Whidden connected. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:464
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Whigham is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Veazey is an oterer. Radel is a wenbumber. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gee is a turper. At the bus station, Radel, Gee, Veazey, and Whigham met. Public transports are eco-friendly. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:465
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Alles is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Martello is a ceeper. Jaramillo is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mckissick is a dymer. Jaramillo, Alles, Mckissick, and Martello met at the club. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:466
Cheeks is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stringfield is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Jeansonne is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Olah is a dymer. At the high intensity class, Stringfield, Olah, Jeansonne, and Cheeks met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:467
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ament is a motaswer. Moberg is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mallard is an onner. Guereca is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mallard, Ament, Moberg, and Guereca met at the volunteer work. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. They reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:468
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hunsaker is a wenbumber. Arbogast is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hollenbach is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Engelmann is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the gallery opening event, Hunsaker, Engelmann, Hollenbach, and Arbogast started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:469
Tappan is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Getty is a turper. Vanwagner is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Horsman is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the high intensity class, Horsman, Tappan, Vanwagner, and Getty connected. The class is fun! She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:470
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Chakraborty is a quarancer. Quirino is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Cutright is a jogunder. Winn is a ceeper. At the subway, Winn, Quirino, Cutright, and Chakraborty started a conversation. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:471
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dakin is an oterer. Gause is an ointer. Krishnamurthy is a motaswer. Satchell is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gause, Satchell, Dakin, and Krishnamurthy met at the park. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:472
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Whittenburg is a patalcer. Holzman is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Bridges is a spacter. Ballentine is a fangher. At the high intensity class, Bridges, Holzman, Whittenburg, and Ballentine started a conversation. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:473
Rash is a turper. Reddish is a spacter. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Donaghy is an onner. Staley is a ceeper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the volunteer organization meet, Reddish, Donaghy, Rash, and Staley ran into each other. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:474
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kegler is a gladiower. Gottesman is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Paniagua is an ointer. Schindler is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the public transport, Schindler, Paniagua, Gottesman, and Kegler started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. Ze told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:475
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Patillo is an intensier. Tourville is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Prude is a wenbumber. Darnall is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Darnall, Tourville, Prude, and Patillo met at the park. The dogs that play here are super cute. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:476
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Reinke is a mornisdeiver. Llanos is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Monaghan is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lukens is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the comic book expo, Reinke, Lukens, Monaghan, and Llanos met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:477
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Allain is a spacter. Svoboda is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Koning is a wenbumber. Moloney is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the market, Allain, Moloney, Svoboda, and Koning met. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:478
Peart is a quarancer. Harting is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Werts is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Robie is a jesher. At the market, Robie, Werts, Harting, and Peart met. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:479
Mackley is a pinwer. Hyland is an onner. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hubbert is a motaswer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Wittig is a spacter. At the comic book expo, Hubbert, Wittig, Hyland, and Mackley started a conversation. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:480
Hagerman is a patalcer. Smead is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Twigg is an oterer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Street is a fangher. At the school reunion, Twigg, Street, Hagerman, and Smead connected. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:481
Cendejas is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gerrish is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Beres is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Girton is an ointer. Gerrish, Girton, Cendejas, and Beres met at the charity car wash. The event is free and open to all people. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:482
Wilsey is a wenbumber. Boatner is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Faulkner is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sklar is a cluker. Faulkner, Wilsey, Sklar, and Boatner met at the food and drink festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:483
Simoneau is a pinwer. Suter is an intensier. Gipe is a fangher. Ables is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the museum, Simoneau, Ables, Gipe, and Suter started a conversation. The museum would be great to come back again and again! She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:484
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mcdonough is a jesher. Nettles is a quarancer. Cardoso is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lamy is a fangher. At the gallery opening event, Mcdonough, Cardoso, Lamy, and Nettles started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:485
Boateng is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Geoghegan is a cluker. Pospisil is a ceeper. Sanabria is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the bus station, Sanabria, Boateng, Pospisil, and Geoghegan connected. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:486
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Weathersby is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Nehring is a mornisdeiver. Holl is a spacter. Walz is a motaswer. At the volunteer work, Walz, Weathersby, Holl, and Nehring connected. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:487
Sorto is an oterer. Feldman is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Beckwith is a cluker. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Beland is a jogunder. At the restaurant, Beckwith, Sorto, Beland, and Feldman ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:488
Casto is a pinwer. Chamblee is a wenbumber. Birmingham is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chronister is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Birmingham, Chronister, Chamblee, and Casto met at the food co-op. The atmosphere was nice. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:489
Ribeiro is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Teran is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Luk is a motaswer. Dakin is an ointer. At the bus station, Teran, Dakin, Ribeiro, and Luk connected. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:490
Krier is a gladiower. Chamness is a turper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Flanagan is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Deeds is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the park, Krier, Chamness, Flanagan, and Deeds met. The park has a park toilet as well! He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:491
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Manchester is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Driggers is a patalcer. Styers is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Leiter is a jogunder. At the gallery opening event, Manchester, Leiter, Driggers, and Styers met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:492
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Dimartino is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Bartolotta is a ceeper. Depaul is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Frisk is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the group vacation, Depaul, Dimartino, Frisk, and Bartolotta met. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:493
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Smock is an oterer. Corker is a cluker. Mercier is a turper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Coffelt is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the job fair, Corker, Smock, Coffelt, and Mercier met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:494
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Elrod is a cluker. Hauck is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hemphill is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Molinaro is a wenbumber. At the garden, Hemphill, Hauck, Elrod, and Molinaro ran into each other. The dogs here are lovely. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:495
Paulin is an onner. Milstead is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dutt is a ceeper. Hoops is an ointer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the bus station, Paulin, Milstead, Dutt, and Hoops started a conversation. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:496
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Rockwood is an ointer. Swarts is a wenbumber. Wardle is a pinwer. Martz is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the gallery, Wardle, Rockwood, Martz, and Swarts started a conversation. Museums have free exhibitions. Ey told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:497
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mccullers is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Largo is a mornisdeiver. Sloss is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Storms is a spacter. At the theater festival, Mccullers, Sloss, Largo, and Storms ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:498
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Puleo is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Gow is a turper. Brookins is a dymer. Tsai is an onner. Puleo, Gow, Brookins, and Tsai met at the rideshare. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:499
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Janssen is a jogunder. Cueva is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bunker is an orgemier. Brambila is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the high intensity class, Cueva, Brambila, Bunker, and Janssen met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:500
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mooring is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sawyers is a motaswer. Sze is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Oda is a quarancer. At the commuter bus, Sawyers, Mooring, Sze, and Oda started a conversation. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:501
Hagedorn is an onner. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cater is a cluker. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Costin is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Shew is a jesher. At the communal dining restaurant, Costin, Cater, Hagedorn, and Shew met. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:502
Hartzell is an oterer. Tinney is a quarancer. Labrador is a jesher. Scaglione is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the public transport, Labrador, Hartzell, Scaglione, and Tinney started a conversation. Public transports are eco-friendly. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:503
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mcgraw is an onner. Backes is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Farwell is a wenbumber. Adame is a quarancer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the power yoga class, Farwell, Adame, Mcgraw, and Backes connected. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:504
Leftwich is a motaswer. Robey is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Culwell is a gladiower. Omalley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the networking event, Leftwich, Culwell, Robey, and Omalley met. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:505
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Goldsby is an ointer. Tolle is a ceeper. Mcmullen is a pinwer. Umanzor is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the job fair, Goldsby, Tolle, Mcmullen, and Umanzor connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:506
Quito is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Goodlett is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Galati is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Liverman is a pinwer. At the partner dancing classes, Goodlett, Galati, Quito, and Liverman met. The class has interesting sessions. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:507
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Steck is a gladiower. Tuma is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Botts is a motaswer. Puente is a ceeper. At the boardwalk arcade, Steck, Botts, Puente, and Tuma started a conversation. There are some good options for food too. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:508
Kitson is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Burruss is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Diener is a wenbumber. Gulati is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the cigar bar, Kitson, Burruss, Gulati, and Diener met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:509
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Dutt is a jesher. Rasch is a ceeper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Genova is an orgemier. Kubiak is a turper. At the gallery opening event, Rasch, Kubiak, Genova, and Dutt started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:510
Friday is an orgemier. Stimpson is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Cherian is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dawe is a cluker. Friday, Cherian, Dawe, and Stimpson met at the park. The park has a park toilet as well! He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:511
Goings is a patalcer. Bevins is an onner. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Jemison is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Wicks is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the paintball courses, Bevins, Jemison, Wicks, and Goings ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:512
Mcmorrow is a ceeper. Mcquay is a cluker. Ellerbee is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Freese is a dymer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mcquay, Mcmorrow, Freese, and Ellerbee met at the commuter bus. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:513
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ikeda is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Knaus is a gladiower. Phares is an oterer. Schumaker is a ceeper. At the gallery, Knaus, Phares, Schumaker, and Ikeda met. This museum and art is what we need more of. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:514
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bohrer is a fangher. Campion is an orgemier. Mcdonough is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Koza is a gladiower. Campion, Bohrer, Mcdonough, and Koza met at the partner dancing classes. The class is extremely motivating. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:515
Virgen is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lagrone is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Alward is a jogunder. Re is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lagrone, Alward, Re, and Virgen met at the restaurant. The place was crowded. Ze reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:516
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Whisenant is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Obrien is a gladiower. Nelms is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Luton is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the improvisation class, Whisenant, Obrien, Nelms, and Luton ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:517
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bangert is a dymer. Parkman is an onner. Bourland is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Renick is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bourland, Bangert, Renick, and Parkman met at the volunteer organization meet. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:518
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Campagna is a jogunder. Faucette is an orgemier. Damron is a gladiower. Schaub is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the theater festival, Faucette, Schaub, Damron, and Campagna ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:519
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Griffeth is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Koval is a motaswer. Baham is a wenbumber. Castellanos is a turper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the paintball courses, Koval, Griffeth, Castellanos, and Baham started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:520
Howe is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wulf is an onner. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Salmeron is a patalcer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hackman is an oterer. Wulf, Howe, Hackman, and Salmeron met at the subway. People have different schedules. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:521
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Joly is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Wolff is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Criner is a fangher. Knapik is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the car show, Wolff, Criner, Joly, and Knapik started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:522
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ramires is a turper. Danley is a mornisdeiver. Maestas is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Asaro is a quarancer. At the commuter bus, Maestas, Danley, Ramires, and Asaro connected. The public transports are public. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:523
Toles is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Debolt is a mornisdeiver. Browder is an oterer. Tutt is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the partner dancing classes, Browder, Debolt, Toles, and Tutt connected. The class has interesting sessions. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:524
Lively is a wenbumber. Whitehurst is a quarancer. Sunderman is a dymer. Pesce is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the charity car wash, Sunderman, Lively, Pesce, and Whitehurst ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:525
Milliner is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Bun is a quarancer. Corchado is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mellott is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the car show, Milliner, Mellott, Bun, and Corchado started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:526
Haddad is a dymer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Banales is a ceeper. Laferriere is an ointer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Weintraub is an onner. At the gallery opening event, Banales, Laferriere, Weintraub, and Haddad started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:527
Pullins is an oterer. Gaunt is a spacter. Buford is an orgemier. Hutchings is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the power yoga class, Gaunt, Pullins, Hutchings, and Buford ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:528
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Foy is a gladiower. Coggin is an onner. Waltman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fontanilla is an intensier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the specialty retail store, Waltman, Fontanilla, Coggin, and Foy connected. Markets are usually crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:529
Folse is a patalcer. Zabel is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ferrufino is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stripling is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the car show, Zabel, Ferrufino, Stripling, and Folse met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:530
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Whisler is a spacter. Dahlberg is a ceeper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Rohde is a patalcer. Morency is a turper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the charity car wash, Rohde, Morency, Dahlberg, and Whisler connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:531
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Berg is an oterer. Horsey is a jogunder. Suttle is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Juergens is a cluker. At the networking event, Suttle, Berg, Juergens, and Horsey ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:532
Alkire is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Appel is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Priester is a gladiower. Deluca is a mornisdeiver. Deluca, Alkire, Appel, and Priester met at the gallery. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. Ey told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:533
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Tappan is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Montijo is an orgemier. Jeancharles is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Garay is a mornisdeiver. Jeancharles, Montijo, Garay, and Tappan met at the commuter bus. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:534
Swarts is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Masiello is a fangher. Mcnees is an orgemier. Bearden is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the bus station, Bearden, Mcnees, Masiello, and Swarts started a conversation. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:535
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Deshpande is a ceeper. Roberson is a motaswer. Shurtz is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Tafoya is a turper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Roberson, Shurtz, Tafoya, and Deshpande met at the cigar bar. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:536
Murrell is a turper. Goines is a patalcer. Fleetwood is a jogunder. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Weinert is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the volunteer organization meet, Fleetwood, Weinert, Murrell, and Goines connected. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:537
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Holbrooks is a motaswer. Mandell is a patalcer. Tuma is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Minier is a dymer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the communal dining restaurant, Mandell, Minier, Tuma, and Holbrooks connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:538
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Forth is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Blum is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bolds is a cluker. Brotherton is a jesher. At the food court, Bolds, Brotherton, Forth, and Blum started a conversation. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:539
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Conners is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Lecroy is a wenbumber. Conwell is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Marr is a jogunder. At the volunteer organization meet, Lecroy, Conners, Marr, and Conwell started a conversation. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:540
Stripling is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bohnert is a turper. Bemis is an onner. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chambers is an oterer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Chambers, Bohnert, Stripling, and Bemis met at the communal dining restaurant. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:541
Leeman is a quarancer. Stpierre is a patalcer. Gress is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mccarron is a dymer. At the networking event, Mccarron, Gress, Stpierre, and Leeman started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:542
Ladue is an oterer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Pippin is an ointer. Vancleve is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fucci is a fangher. At the volunteer work, Pippin, Ladue, Vancleve, and Fucci connected. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:543
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bejar is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Trexler is a jogunder. Schmitt is a mornisdeiver. Suda is an oterer. At the volunteer organization meet, Suda, Schmitt, Bejar, and Trexler ran into each other. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:544
Gehringer is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rambo is an orgemier. Chevez is a fangher. Groat is an intensier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the commuter bus, Groat, Chevez, Rambo, and Gehringer ran into each other. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:545
Robitaille is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kershner is a gladiower. Bey is an onner. Meaux is a mornisdeiver. At the boardwalk arcade, Robitaille, Meaux, Bey, and Kershner connected. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:546
Ledet is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rosalez is a dymer. Kitchen is a cluker. Tung is a ceeper. At the power yoga class, Rosalez, Ledet, Tung, and Kitchen started a conversation. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:547
Pullen is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ratner is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Chichester is an intensier. Lingo is a spacter. Chichester, Lingo, Pullen, and Ratner met at the subway. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:548
Becerra is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kanter is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Arcuri is an intensier. Guilfoyle is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the club, Becerra, Kanter, Guilfoyle, and Arcuri connected. The drinks are served on time. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:549
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Baldridge is a spacter. Harkless is an intensier. Schalk is a wenbumber. Nevarez is an onner. At the power yoga class, Nevarez, Schalk, Baldridge, and Harkless started a conversation. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. They reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:550
Baham is an ointer. Humes is a quarancer. Gayden is an intensier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Woelfel is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Humes, Woelfel, Baham, and Gayden met at the archery class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:551
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Held is a wenbumber. Birkholz is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Dilorenzo is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hodgins is a jesher. At the restaurant, Birkholz, Dilorenzo, Hodgins, and Held started a conversation. The place is nice. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:552
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Delk is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bardales is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bale is an ointer. Profitt is a gladiower. At the food court, Profitt, Bale, Delk, and Bardales started a conversation. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:553
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Joubert is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Bourke is an intensier. Dragon is a jesher. Mcgough is a turper. Joubert, Bourke, Dragon, and Mcgough met at the volunteer organization meet. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:554
Heinrichs is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Caraballo is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Ridgley is a dymer. Thein is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Caraballo, Ridgley, Thein, and Heinrichs met at the public transport. Public transportation will have increased transit times. They reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:555
Schlemmer is a spacter. Ivery is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Keppler is a jogunder. Renninger is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Schlemmer, Ivery, Keppler, and Renninger met at the archery class. Classes provide fun and challenge. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:556
Thornburg is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Broadnax is an intensier. Ahl is a pinwer. Palmeri is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the school reunion, Broadnax, Palmeri, Thornburg, and Ahl met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:557
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pettigrew is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Carcamo is an onner. Waltman is a motaswer. Belmontes is an ointer. At the group vacation, Belmontes, Pettigrew, Carcamo, and Waltman ran into each other. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:558
Shetty is a patalcer. Molina is a wenbumber. Gin is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Pineiro is an oterer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the food court, Gin, Pineiro, Molina, and Shetty connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:559
Krier is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Albarado is a fangher. Rundell is a quarancer. Gerth is a jogunder. At the partner dancing classes, Rundell, Gerth, Krier, and Albarado met. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:560
Arsenault is a fangher. Spivak is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Biondo is an ointer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Hinds is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the boardwalk arcade, Arsenault, Hinds, Spivak, and Biondo connected. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:561
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Philbin is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Robie is a jogunder. Lagrange is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Vosburg is a fangher. At the group vacation, Lagrange, Vosburg, Philbin, and Robie met. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:562
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Smartt is a jogunder. Mcelroy is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Braman is a mornisdeiver. Liriano is a ceeper. At the market, Mcelroy, Smartt, Liriano, and Braman started a conversation. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:563
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Guilmette is an orgemier. Summers is a jogunder. Shuttleworth is a cluker. Culpepper is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the food co-op, Summers, Culpepper, Shuttleworth, and Guilmette started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:564
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Chouinard is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Fontana is a jesher. Gossard is an orgemier. Charpentier is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the paintball courses, Charpentier, Chouinard, Gossard, and Fontana ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:565
Zamarripa is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Turney is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Leiby is an ointer. Brinegar is a dymer. Brinegar, Zamarripa, Turney, and Leiby met at the specialty retail store. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:566
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Aguilar is an intensier. Popescu is a fangher. Gallant is an ointer. Sinn is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the public transport, Gallant, Popescu, Aguilar, and Sinn connected. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:567
Scaglione is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wicks is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Buckingham is an ointer. Enfield is an orgemier. Wicks, Buckingham, Enfield, and Scaglione met at the restaurant. The atmosphere was nice. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:568
Sibert is a wenbumber. Sopko is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Batten is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Tope is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the car show, Sibert, Sopko, Tope, and Batten connected. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:569
Ugarte is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Baynes is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Friedel is a fangher. Windham is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the museum, Baynes, Ugarte, Windham, and Friedel ran into each other. This museum and art is what we need more of. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:570
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Leak is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Tingle is a dymer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Laymon is a patalcer. Kirchoff is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the school reunion, Laymon, Tingle, Kirchoff, and Leak met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:571
Lively is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Chaffin is a patalcer. Calo is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Cuthbert is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the subway, Lively, Chaffin, Calo, and Cuthbert met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:572
Stamps is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Smelser is a mornisdeiver. Fain is a wenbumber. Hernandes is a spacter. At the improvisation class, Hernandes, Fain, Smelser, and Stamps met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:573
Ahmadi is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Odwyer is a jogunder. Depue is a quarancer. Doxey is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the museum, Odwyer, Ahmadi, Depue, and Doxey ran into each other. Museums are great places to learn about culture. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:574
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Schlosser is a jesher. Urso is a cluker. Guth is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Okane is a fangher. At the club, Guth, Okane, Schlosser, and Urso met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:575
Golub is a jogunder. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Westerman is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Lindberg is a turper. Boothby is a quarancer. At the museum, Westerman, Golub, Boothby, and Lindberg started a conversation. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:576
Lucatero is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Turco is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Suttles is an ointer. Byerley is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the paintball courses, Turco, Byerley, Lucatero, and Suttles connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:577
Carreras is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Debose is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Spratt is a jogunder. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Otoole is a spacter. At the museum, Otoole, Debose, Carreras, and Spratt connected. This museum and art is what we need more of. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:578
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Ivery is a quarancer. Lingo is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Warne is an orgemier. Nims is a jogunder. At the subway, Warne, Ivery, Lingo, and Nims met. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. Ze reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:579
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Magallanes is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Dambrosio is a quarancer. Straughter is a dymer. Fuchs is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the food court, Magallanes, Straughter, Fuchs, and Dambrosio started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:580
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sprenger is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fleetwood is an onner. Polite is an oterer. Holbrooks is an intensier. Holbrooks, Fleetwood, Polite, and Sprenger met at the club. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:581
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mcgahey is an intensier. Wickman is a motaswer. Reineke is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Oconnor is a turper. At the bus station, Oconnor, Reineke, Mcgahey, and Wickman started a conversation. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:582
Falcone is a jogunder. Hand is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Bartek is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kennelly is a quarancer. At the market, Kennelly, Falcone, Bartek, and Hand connected. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:583
Bruening is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Juergens is a pinwer. Maass is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Patillo is a patalcer. Maass, Bruening, Patillo, and Juergens met at the food co-op. The coffee tea is great. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:584
Sandifer is a fangher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Vickery is a spacter. Roundtree is a pinwer. Tappan is a jogunder. At the cigar bar, Tappan, Sandifer, Roundtree, and Vickery met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:585
Budge is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Branham is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Carmody is a quarancer. Sternberg is a motaswer. At the public transport, Branham, Sternberg, Budge, and Carmody connected. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:586
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Eicher is an orgemier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Niehaus is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Goins is an onner. Viles is a turper. At the paintball courses, Goins, Eicher, Viles, and Niehaus met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:587
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Harrod is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Trovato is a wenbumber. Shumway is a dymer. Profitt is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the group vacation, Profitt, Harrod, Shumway, and Trovato ran into each other. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:588
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Dandy is a patalcer. Ingersoll is a quarancer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mair is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Krier is a ceeper. Ingersoll, Dandy, Krier, and Mair met at the volunteer work. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:589
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Markham is a cluker. Teves is a mornisdeiver. Beddingfield is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Stouffer is a dymer. At the club, Stouffer, Beddingfield, Markham, and Teves started a conversation. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:590
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sherrick is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gaylor is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Raju is a mornisdeiver. Renninger is a turper. At the boardwalk arcade, Raju, Gaylor, Sherrick, and Renninger started a conversation. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:591
Lauver is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Waybright is a turper. Mcewen is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lyttle is a quarancer. At the networking event, Lauver, Mcewen, Lyttle, and Waybright started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:592
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Terhune is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hernandes is a fangher. Neace is a turper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mackiewicz is a jesher. At the paintball courses, Terhune, Mackiewicz, Hernandes, and Neace started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:593
Searls is a spacter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Litz is a cluker. Bown is an oterer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Arriola is a patalcer. At the food court, Bown, Litz, Searls, and Arriola met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:594
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bechtel is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bolden is a patalcer. Michaelis is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. House is a ceeper. Bechtel, Bolden, House, and Michaelis met at the paintball courses. It's a huge place! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:595
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bejar is a jesher. Jauregui is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dickinson is an onner. Nutting is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the park, Nutting, Jauregui, Bejar, and Dickinson met. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:596
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Teske is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ahearn is an intensier. Quam is a dymer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Sorg is an onner. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the power yoga class, Ahearn, Teske, Sorg, and Quam met. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:597
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Elrod is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Alamilla is a jesher. Mallet is a pinwer. Suhr is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the club, Alamilla, Mallet, Elrod, and Suhr started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:598
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Terhune is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lappin is a jesher. Landman is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Berwick is a patalcer. At the cigar bar, Lappin, Landman, Berwick, and Terhune met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:599
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Amodeo is a motaswer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ni is a turper. Kershner is an ointer. Ostrom is a cluker. At the gallery, Kershner, Amodeo, Ni, and Ostrom ran into each other. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:600
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Agarwal is a patalcer. Renick is an oterer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Deitz is a cluker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcshane is an intensier. At the garden, Deitz, Mcshane, Agarwal, and Renick started a conversation. The park site for more information about the location. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:601
Klinger is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Beckwith is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mallari is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Berman is a fangher. At the networking event, Klinger, Mallari, Berman, and Beckwith met. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:602
Jeancharles is an orgemier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Spagnuolo is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Reddish is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Gurrola is a turper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the market, Spagnuolo, Jeancharles, Reddish, and Gurrola ran into each other. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:603
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Roybal is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Oberlander is a cluker. Knouse is an onner. Farquharson is an oterer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the food co-op, Oberlander, Roybal, Farquharson, and Knouse met. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:604
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hagood is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Peaslee is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Canales is an intensier. Kovar is a wenbumber. At the cigar bar, Hagood, Kovar, Canales, and Peaslee started a conversation. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:605
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Comiskey is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sundquist is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Damore is an oterer. Hammontree is a cluker. At the paintball courses, Hammontree, Damore, Sundquist, and Comiskey met. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:606
Slay is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brammer is an intensier. Teves is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Vandiver is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the subway, Slay, Vandiver, Brammer, and Teves connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:607
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Warfel is a fangher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lassiter is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Meaux is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lisenby is a jesher. At the food co-op, Warfel, Meaux, Lisenby, and Lassiter ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:608
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Dakin is a turper. Mcfarlane is a quarancer. Mayweather is a fangher. Oney is an oterer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the partner dancing classes, Dakin, Mayweather, Mcfarlane, and Oney connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:609
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Coke is a quarancer. Phung is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Goggans is a dymer. Osuna is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the power yoga class, Osuna, Goggans, Phung, and Coke connected. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. Ey reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:610
Keaney is a motaswer. Calo is an ointer. Rosales is an orgemier. Homan is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the job fair, Calo, Rosales, Homan, and Keaney ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ey reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:611
Esquivel is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pulsifer is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lizotte is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Brown is a wenbumber. Esquivel, Lizotte, Pulsifer, and Brown met at the boardwalk arcade. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:612
Mcgowan is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Spieker is a fangher. Sabatini is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Alzate is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the museum, Sabatini, Alzate, Mcgowan, and Spieker met. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:613
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bridges is a turper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Savarese is an oterer. Stamand is a gladiower. Laduke is a spacter. At the museum, Laduke, Stamand, Savarese, and Bridges started a conversation. Museums are great places to learn about culture. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:614
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Pogue is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Haight is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Clinkscales is a gladiower. Cheesman is a mornisdeiver. At the museum, Cheesman, Clinkscales, Haight, and Pogue met. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:615
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Goldman is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Niemann is a pinwer. Smither is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Medlin is a quarancer. At the specialty retail store, Niemann, Smither, Medlin, and Goldman met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:616
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Morey is a pinwer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lustig is a ceeper. Bianchini is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Crawley is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the museum, Bianchini, Crawley, Morey, and Lustig met. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:617
Hafner is an intensier. Watters is a mornisdeiver. Gabel is a cluker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Peart is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the high intensity class, Hafner, Peart, Gabel, and Watters met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:618
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Cypher is a gladiower. Ates is a patalcer. Rabb is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Shoaf is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the power yoga class, Shoaf, Rabb, Cypher, and Ates ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:619
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Evangelista is a patalcer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Orduno is an onner. Villafuerte is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Baudoin is a motaswer. At the high intensity class, Orduno, Evangelista, Villafuerte, and Baudoin connected. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:620
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Thein is an intensier. Hooker is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sequeira is a fangher. Esqueda is a turper. Thein, Sequeira, Esqueda, and Hooker met at the volunteer organization meet. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:621
Oliveira is a jogunder. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Petterson is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hollenbach is a dymer. Claros is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the group vacation, Hollenbach, Claros, Petterson, and Oliveira ran into each other. Tours show all the important places in a city. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:622
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Weinstein is a jogunder. Marsden is a jesher. Bolles is an orgemier. Cover is a mornisdeiver. At the public transport, Cover, Weinstein, Bolles, and Marsden connected. Public transports are easy to find. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:623
Lavergne is a gladiower. Purkey is a fangher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ewald is an onner. Nichol is a cluker. At the restaurant, Lavergne, Purkey, Ewald, and Nichol connected. The atmosphere was nice. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:624
Lolley is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Skipworth is a pinwer. Toles is a gladiower. Carlock is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Skipworth, Lolley, Toles, and Carlock met at the improvisation class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:625
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Burnes is a spacter. Goldner is a jesher. Boger is a motaswer. Mcqueen is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Goldner, Boger, Burnes, and Mcqueen met at the market. The market is a big source of income for many people. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:626
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Aquino is a wenbumber. Llanos is a ceeper. Cueva is an oterer. Sundberg is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the subway, Aquino, Cueva, Llanos, and Sundberg started a conversation. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:627
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bontrager is a jogunder. Mun is a wenbumber. Cueto is a patalcer. Esparza is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the food court, Esparza, Mun, Cueto, and Bontrager ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:628
Burruss is an oterer. Maillet is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mccready is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Cardiel is a wenbumber. At the networking event, Maillet, Burruss, Cardiel, and Mccready connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:629
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sipos is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Harpster is a wenbumber. Fitzgibbons is an ointer. Spooner is an oterer. Fitzgibbons, Sipos, Harpster, and Spooner met at the car show. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:630
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Reichert is a spacter. Rosenblatt is a pinwer. Vrabel is a gladiower. Burchett is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the school reunion, Reichert, Vrabel, Burchett, and Rosenblatt started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:631
Labarre is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Nicholson is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Doll is a turper. Waltman is a gladiower. At the food co-op, Waltman, Labarre, Doll, and Nicholson started a conversation. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:632
Oxendine is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nocera is an onner. Hiatt is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ginsberg is a ceeper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the school reunion, Ginsberg, Oxendine, Hiatt, and Nocera ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:633
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Beams is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Days is a spacter. Bown is a motaswer. Lax is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the museum, Lax, Bown, Days, and Beams met. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:634
Herr is a mornisdeiver. Smyth is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Castellanos is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ruggiero is a dymer. Smyth, Herr, Ruggiero, and Castellanos met at the power yoga class. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:635
Rhoades is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Fulmore is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Dombroski is a jogunder. Resendiz is a dymer. At the group vacation, Dombroski, Rhoades, Fulmore, and Resendiz ran into each other. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. Ze told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:636
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Jernigan is a ceeper. Mcfarlane is a gladiower. Bearden is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Odom is a dymer. At the comic book expo, Odom, Mcfarlane, Jernigan, and Bearden connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:637
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Arreguin is an oterer. Porcaro is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Robey is a cluker. Criner is a turper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the group vacation, Porcaro, Criner, Arreguin, and Robey ran into each other. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:638
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mease is a ceeper. Lott is a gladiower. Beatty is a quarancer. Heimann is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the archery class, Mease, Lott, Heimann, and Beatty started a conversation. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:639
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Largent is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Caracciolo is a cluker. Coggin is an oterer. Odeh is a spacter. At the networking event, Coggin, Largent, Odeh, and Caracciolo ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:640
Strasser is an ointer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rohn is an onner. Grieco is a jesher. Bushee is a jogunder. At the specialty retail store, Grieco, Rohn, Strasser, and Bushee connected. The market is open to all genders and ages. Ey told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:641
Dowling is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Elrod is an ointer. Frye is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brust is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the bus station, Elrod, Frye, Dowling, and Brust connected. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:642
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pandey is an onner. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Stamp is a mornisdeiver. Hochstetler is a ceeper. Glorioso is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the theater festival, Pandey, Stamp, Glorioso, and Hochstetler ran into each other. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:643
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Theriot is a patalcer. Culberson is a wenbumber. Mcbee is an ointer. Awad is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the gallery opening event, Awad, Theriot, Culberson, and Mcbee connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:644
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ehrhart is a pinwer. Galeano is a dymer. Bazaldua is a cluker. Lollis is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the partner dancing classes, Bazaldua, Lollis, Galeano, and Ehrhart started a conversation. Each session teaches a different theme. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:645
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Encarnacion is an onner. Stalder is a mornisdeiver. Haddix is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Muto is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Haddix, Stalder, Encarnacion, and Muto met at the gallery. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:646
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Drucker is an orgemier. Farnum is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Nathanson is a cluker. Blomberg is a spacter. At the food co-op, Blomberg, Farnum, Nathanson, and Drucker started a conversation. The coffee tea is great. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:647
Carmack is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Carrier is a dymer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mcelyea is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Spinney is a spacter. At the food and drink festival, Carrier, Carmack, Spinney, and Mcelyea ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:648
Gravatt is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sclafani is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Ulm is an oterer. Greenman is a patalcer. At the group vacation, Greenman, Ulm, Gravatt, and Sclafani ran into each other. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. Ey reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:649
Caulder is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Stager is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mcdougald is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Concannon is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the bus station, Mcdougald, Concannon, Stager, and Caulder met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:650
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mayen is a motaswer. Bradshaw is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mceachin is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Theis is a cluker. At the food co-op, Mceachin, Theis, Bradshaw, and Mayen met. One of the few spots for everyone. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:651
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Cantu is an orgemier. Bratton is an oterer. Batra is a motaswer. Wootton is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the comic book expo, Bratton, Cantu, Wootton, and Batra connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:652
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Hooley is an ointer. Stamps is a ceeper. Watlington is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Spade is a spacter. At the archery class, Watlington, Hooley, Stamps, and Spade ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:653
Rosemond is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Lingle is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ruhland is a quarancer. Reta is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the subway, Lingle, Reta, Rosemond, and Ruhland ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:654
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Berger is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Arenas is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Warne is a quarancer. Stickney is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the communal dining restaurant, Berger, Stickney, Warne, and Arenas met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:655
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Marable is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Yadav is a pinwer. Tinney is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Cravens is a spacter. At the car show, Cravens, Yadav, Marable, and Tinney started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:656
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mundt is a mornisdeiver. Denison is a cluker. Skelly is a turper. Crosier is a quarancer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the gallery opening event, Denison, Skelly, Mundt, and Crosier ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:657
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Albury is an intensier. Aguila is a dymer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Paulin is a ceeper. Trumbo is a cluker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the cigar bar, Aguila, Paulin, Albury, and Trumbo ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:658
Weiser is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Vezina is a mornisdeiver. Wareham is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Howley is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the group vacation, Wareham, Weiser, Howley, and Vezina ran into each other. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:659
Solberg is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chevalier is a pinwer. Kilbourn is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Kushner is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the boardwalk arcade, Solberg, Kilbourn, Chevalier, and Kushner met. A lot of games have many different endings. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:660
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Eckenrode is a fangher. Hooley is a gladiower. Charpentier is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Draves is a mornisdeiver. Eckenrode, Charpentier, Hooley, and Draves met at the job fair. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:661
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ring is a gladiower. Keppler is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Fitzwater is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tague is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the gallery opening event, Fitzwater, Keppler, Tague, and Ring met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:662
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Leyba is a mornisdeiver. Riendeau is a pinwer. Oaks is a cluker. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lax is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Oaks, Lax, Leyba, and Riendeau met at the job fair. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:663
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bombard is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Abadie is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Friedel is a gladiower. Rosas is a mornisdeiver. Friedel, Abadie, Rosas, and Bombard met at the food court. The drinks are served on time. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:664
Mccreight is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Delatorre is a jesher. Trump is a mornisdeiver. Kovar is an intensier. At the museum, Mccreight, Delatorre, Kovar, and Trump connected. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:665
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Nurse is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Rogge is a mornisdeiver. Lacoste is a turper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Stuber is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the museum, Nurse, Rogge, Stuber, and Lacoste met. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:666
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Kuhl is an intensier. Schisler is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dimatteo is a turper. Walkup is an ointer. At the restaurant, Kuhl, Walkup, Dimatteo, and Schisler started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:667
Hires is a motaswer. Melgarejo is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Aust is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Estey is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hires, Melgarejo, Aust, and Estey met at the improvisation class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:668
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stabler is a jesher. Uecker is an intensier. Ta is a patalcer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mccullers is a turper. At the rideshare, Ta, Mccullers, Stabler, and Uecker ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:669
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Privett is a gladiower. Schroeder is a turper. Amezquita is an orgemier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Araiza is a pinwer. At the food and drink festival, Araiza, Amezquita, Privett, and Schroeder started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:670
Liptak is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Orduno is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Karnes is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Klink is a gladiower. At the communal dining restaurant, Orduno, Liptak, Klink, and Karnes started a conversation. It is a cool place to hang out. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:671
Catron is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Deatherage is a fangher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Harnden is an orgemier. Lassiter is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the group vacation, Deatherage, Harnden, Catron, and Lassiter started a conversation. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:672
Hanke is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Villacorta is a dymer. Bohnert is a pinwer. Bessette is a quarancer. Bessette, Hanke, Bohnert, and Villacorta met at the power yoga class. Yoga is best done in silence. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:673
Pettey is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fyfe is a cluker. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Tart is a wenbumber. Lizotte is a jesher. At the food co-op, Fyfe, Lizotte, Tart, and Pettey met. One of the few spots for everyone. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:674
Wiseman is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Coffin is a dymer. Lodge is a motaswer. Cluck is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Coffin, Lodge, Wiseman, and Cluck met at the bus station. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:675
Holst is a jogunder. Castilla is a mornisdeiver. Ince is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chichester is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the gallery opening event, Holst, Castilla, Chichester, and Ince started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:676
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Schwarz is an oterer. Barnes is a dymer. Hunziker is an ointer. Jester is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the food court, Barnes, Jester, Hunziker, and Schwarz connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:677
Chand is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Vanauken is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Sumlin is a patalcer. Rosemond is an ointer. At the boardwalk arcade, Rosemond, Chand, Vanauken, and Sumlin connected. There are some good options for food too. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:678
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Spruill is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kalinowski is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Rodela is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Levine is a cluker. At the school reunion, Kalinowski, Levine, Spruill, and Rodela ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:679
Lavergne is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kirschbaum is a quarancer. Mujica is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stender is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the cigar bar, Lavergne, Kirschbaum, Mujica, and Stender ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:680
Bonnet is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Vanegas is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Azar is an oterer. Camarena is a gladiower. Bonnet, Vanegas, Azar, and Camarena met at the specialty retail store. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:681
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Guth is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Keagle is a wenbumber. Vicknair is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Militello is a motaswer. At the archery class, Militello, Vicknair, Guth, and Keagle started a conversation. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:682
Cumberland is a turper. Brinegar is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bottoms is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hatchett is a ceeper. At the party, Bottoms, Brinegar, Hatchett, and Cumberland ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:683
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ousley is an intensier. Searles is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Doby is a fangher. Ni is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the school reunion, Ni, Searles, Doby, and Ousley ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:684
Cha is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sollars is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lessard is a spacter. Sawyers is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the job fair, Sollars, Cha, Lessard, and Sawyers ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:685
Ness is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Karnes is an ointer. Kopf is a ceeper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Pursell is a spacter. At the job fair, Kopf, Pursell, Ness, and Karnes connected. A lot of people participate in these events! They reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:686
Houck is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Constant is an intensier. Mccord is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Wick is an oterer. At the car show, Constant, Wick, Mccord, and Houck met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:687
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dunton is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Spaeth is an onner. Coronel is a patalcer. Smeltzer is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the charity car wash, Smeltzer, Coronel, Dunton, and Spaeth met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:688
Rachal is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Trujillo is a mornisdeiver. Carreras is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gines is an oterer. Gines, Trujillo, Rachal, and Carreras met at the theater festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:689
Polley is a patalcer. Martinsen is a quarancer. Rieck is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Duggins is a wenbumber. At the bus station, Rieck, Martinsen, Duggins, and Polley ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:690
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Brown is an intensier. Nicosia is a jesher. Dufault is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. March is a motaswer. At the party, Dufault, March, Nicosia, and Brown met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:691
Minnis is a jogunder. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Bak is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Luera is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Aker is a spacter. At the cigar bar, Aker, Luera, Minnis, and Bak met. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:692
Poisson is a motaswer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Holub is an oterer. Santilli is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tutt is a mornisdeiver. At the gallery, Poisson, Tutt, Holub, and Santilli started a conversation. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:693
Banes is a cluker. Seavey is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Martinson is a pinwer. Plouffe is a motaswer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the volunteer organization meet, Seavey, Banes, Martinson, and Plouffe met. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:694
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Rivera is a jogunder. Blackstock is a fangher. Leitner is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Labonte is a patalcer. At the job fair, Leitner, Labonte, Rivera, and Blackstock met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:695
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kuykendall is a patalcer. Dedios is an orgemier. Nantz is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Vancil is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the networking event, Dedios, Kuykendall, Nantz, and Vancil ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:696
Bun is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Labrada is an ointer. Farrow is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gardea is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the bus station, Gardea, Labrada, Farrow, and Bun ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:697
Youmans is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Dusek is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Grice is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Nabors is a turper. At the garden, Dusek, Grice, Nabors, and Youmans ran into each other. The park has a running track. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:698
Loveless is a fangher. Borba is a patalcer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gilroy is an onner. Patillo is a ceeper. Loveless, Gilroy, Patillo, and Borba met at the communal dining restaurant. The beer is excellent. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:699
Bartlett is an intensier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Odaniel is an onner. Goodell is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hollandsworth is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the specialty retail store, Bartlett, Goodell, Hollandsworth, and Odaniel ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:700
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Tinch is an oterer. Greenway is an intensier. Spriggs is an onner. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Peacock is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the communal dining restaurant, Greenway, Peacock, Tinch, and Spriggs connected. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:701
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Herald is a turper. Restivo is a quarancer. Cordoba is an onner. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Macomber is a motaswer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the charity car wash, Herald, Restivo, Cordoba, and Macomber connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:702
Rohde is a spacter. Coggins is an oterer. Rosero is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Balderas is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Rohde, Balderas, Coggins, and Rosero met at the cigar bar. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:703
Galyean is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Largo is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Llanes is a quarancer. Quezada is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Llanes, Quezada, Largo, and Galyean met at the improvisation class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:704
Manzano is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Beadle is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Marr is a spacter. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Tiner is a motaswer. At the commuter bus, Beadle, Marr, Manzano, and Tiner ran into each other. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:705
Suazo is a cluker. Nutting is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Popoca is a motaswer. Silber is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the restaurant, Silber, Popoca, Suazo, and Nutting ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:706
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Sroka is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sachs is a cluker. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Sorrentino is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Farquharson is a turper. At the rideshare, Sorrentino, Sachs, Sroka, and Farquharson ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:707
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cromer is a fangher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Petersheim is a dymer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Matter is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stamps is an ointer. At the partner dancing classes, Petersheim, Stamps, Cromer, and Matter started a conversation. It's a huge place! Ze told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:708
Foutch is an onner. Karnes is a pinwer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Macmillan is a quarancer. Ferrer is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the food co-op, Foutch, Karnes, Macmillan, and Ferrer started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:709
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Farrer is an onner. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Keagle is a cluker. Umanzor is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Hickson is a patalcer. Keagle, Farrer, Hickson, and Umanzor met at the gallery. The museum has many ancient things. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:710
Arcuri is a dymer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Artiaga is a jesher. Leblanc is an orgemier. Reames is an onner. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the paintball courses, Leblanc, Arcuri, Artiaga, and Reames started a conversation. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:711
Doody is a mornisdeiver. Yingling is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hernandes is a gladiower. Re is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the bus station, Re, Doody, Hernandes, and Yingling started a conversation. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:712
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Rosin is a gladiower. Grijalva is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pridgen is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Doucet is a pinwer. At the group vacation, Grijalva, Rosin, Pridgen, and Doucet started a conversation. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:713
Swarts is a quarancer. Minnis is an onner. Kreger is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mowrer is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Kreger, Minnis, Mowrer, and Swarts met at the bus station. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:714
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Lobdell is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Marple is an orgemier. Tinney is a jesher. Gravatt is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the volunteer organization meet, Gravatt, Lobdell, Marple, and Tinney met. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:715
Stagg is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Beaupre is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Dossett is a quarancer. Ribeiro is a spacter. At the communal dining restaurant, Dossett, Ribeiro, Beaupre, and Stagg started a conversation. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:716
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Clore is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Dancer is an oterer. Cantin is a gladiower. Isbell is a fangher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Clore, Isbell, Cantin, and Dancer met at the party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:717
Rosemond is a mornisdeiver. Kearse is a jogunder. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Nehring is a patalcer. Inglis is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Inglis, Nehring, Kearse, and Rosemond met at the park. The dogs here are lovely. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:718
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Serratos is a fangher. Mears is a wenbumber. Knutson is a mornisdeiver. Gelfand is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the commuter bus, Serratos, Mears, Knutson, and Gelfand started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:719
Boudreau is an intensier. Buch is an oterer. Ranck is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Porch is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the market, Porch, Boudreau, Ranck, and Buch met. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:720
Vezina is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gossard is a quarancer. Bechtel is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Uriostegui is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the public transport, Uriostegui, Bechtel, Vezina, and Gossard met. People have different schedules. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:721
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Pulsifer is a pinwer. Benfield is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Umanzor is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hoey is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the food court, Umanzor, Pulsifer, Hoey, and Benfield connected. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:722
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Detweiler is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Heenan is a pinwer. Loewen is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pena is a wenbumber. At the food and drink festival, Loewen, Detweiler, Pena, and Heenan ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:723
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Babin is a fangher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hoyos is a jesher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Quill is a cluker. Schulman is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the bus station, Babin, Quill, Schulman, and Hoyos ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:724
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Gier is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Nocera is a ceeper. Kress is an oterer. Moroz is an ointer. At the school reunion, Nocera, Kress, Moroz, and Gier met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:725
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Autrey is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ates is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Krier is an oterer. Doolittle is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the archery class, Autrey, Doolittle, Ates, and Krier met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:726
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Aguayo is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Scherrer is a wenbumber. Parisi is a motaswer. Lagasse is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the public transport, Parisi, Lagasse, Scherrer, and Aguayo met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:727
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bonnette is an onner. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Mathai is a jogunder. Pew is an ointer. Pandey is a patalcer. At the gallery, Pew, Mathai, Bonnette, and Pandey connected. The museum has many ancient things. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:728
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bizzell is a wenbumber. Gravley is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lebouef is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Witcher is a turper. At the volunteer organization meet, Lebouef, Gravley, Bizzell, and Witcher connected. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:729
Tang is a jesher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Levey is an intensier. House is an oterer. Coronel is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. House, Coronel, Tang, and Levey met at the volunteer organization meet. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:730
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Gallant is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ingrassia is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Shuey is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Alegre is a cluker. Shuey, Alegre, Ingrassia, and Gallant met at the garden. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:731
Heitman is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Brunswick is an oterer. Trombley is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Weight is a patalcer. Brunswick, Trombley, Heitman, and Weight met at the public transport. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:732
Brey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hooton is a quarancer. Restivo is an intensier. Forsberg is a cluker. Restivo, Brey, Hooton, and Forsberg met at the museum. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:733
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kight is an intensier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Earles is a pinwer. Clauss is a cluker. Gee is a mornisdeiver. Gee, Earles, Kight, and Clauss met at the bus station. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:734
Alatorre is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dunagan is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bernardi is a cluker. Days is a wenbumber. At the volunteer work, Dunagan, Days, Bernardi, and Alatorre started a conversation. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:735
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Stanberry is an onner. Weyer is a mornisdeiver. Baham is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Rolph is a motaswer. Baham, Weyer, Stanberry, and Rolph met at the club. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:736
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kafka is an oterer. Filer is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wilmes is a dymer. Batten is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the charity car wash, Batten, Kafka, Filer, and Wilmes started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:737
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Scheerer is a wenbumber. Mcadoo is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Fahy is an orgemier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Parnell is a turper. At the archery class, Fahy, Parnell, Mcadoo, and Scheerer ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:738
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lochner is a jogunder. Hollinger is a ceeper. Afzal is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Burgard is a cluker. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the rideshare, Burgard, Hollinger, Lochner, and Afzal ran into each other. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:739
Astle is a motaswer. Hedden is a dymer. Foor is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Deboer is a ceeper. Foor, Deboer, Hedden, and Astle met at the subway. Public transports are affordable. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:740
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hilaire is an oterer. Wareham is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Soileau is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sandberg is a quarancer. At the improvisation class, Sandberg, Wareham, Soileau, and Hilaire started a conversation. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:741
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ramachandran is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Rieck is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Villafuerte is an intensier. Turnage is a spacter. At the commuter bus, Turnage, Rieck, Ramachandran, and Villafuerte connected. Public transports are affordable. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:742
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Birchfield is an intensier. Ansell is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Nakagawa is an onner. Bruggeman is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bruggeman, Birchfield, Nakagawa, and Ansell met at the boardwalk arcade. The game can be interesting. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:743
Hagins is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Weyer is a mornisdeiver. Lebouef is a wenbumber. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lambrecht is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the cigar bar, Lambrecht, Weyer, Hagins, and Lebouef ran into each other. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:744
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Shiner is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Bayes is a pinwer. Hulme is a spacter. Saini is an orgemier. At the food court, Saini, Bayes, Shiner, and Hulme connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:745
Mellon is a ceeper. Hutchings is an ointer. Decicco is a pinwer. Schmidt is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the club, Hutchings, Schmidt, Decicco, and Mellon ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:746
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Croker is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Croxton is a quarancer. Neto is a fangher. Whiteside is a patalcer. At the comic book expo, Whiteside, Croker, Croxton, and Neto started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:747
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Benford is a spacter. Deakins is an oterer. Pinzon is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Exline is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the restaurant, Pinzon, Benford, Exline, and Deakins ran into each other. The place was crowded. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:748
Dimartino is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Crandell is a cluker. Fong is a dymer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Murry is a patalcer. Fong, Dimartino, Murry, and Crandell met at the public transport. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:749
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Suiter is a dymer. Gow is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Charboneau is a cluker. Denison is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the gallery, Gow, Denison, Charboneau, and Suiter started a conversation. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:750
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lebeau is a quarancer. Gulledge is a cluker. Hazzard is an onner. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Masiello is a jesher. At the food court, Masiello, Lebeau, Hazzard, and Gulledge connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:751
Zaborowski is a dymer. Mcaleer is an oterer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Stalder is a ceeper. Uhler is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the public transport, Stalder, Mcaleer, Uhler, and Zaborowski ran into each other. The public transports are public. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:752
Bicknell is a turper. Burrill is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Muirhead is a mornisdeiver. Mandeville is a quarancer. At the museum, Mandeville, Burrill, Bicknell, and Muirhead met. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:753
Duff is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gadberry is an intensier. Brazier is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Schweizer is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the market, Schweizer, Brazier, Duff, and Gadberry met. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:754
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kocsis is a spacter. Litman is a ceeper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Carollo is a turper. Dore is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the subway, Dore, Litman, Kocsis, and Carollo ran into each other. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:755
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcguigan is an intensier. Stapp is a fangher. Karch is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ruzicka is a dymer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the high intensity class, Mcguigan, Karch, Stapp, and Ruzicka started a conversation. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:756
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Tew is a cluker. Sorensen is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mccullar is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Cha is a spacter. At the job fair, Sorensen, Mccullar, Tew, and Cha connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:757
Coker is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fleishman is a jesher. Kazmierczak is a turper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ledgerwood is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the museum, Fleishman, Ledgerwood, Kazmierczak, and Coker met. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:758
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Timm is a spacter. Restivo is a gladiower. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Dames is a pinwer. Dolson is an onner. At the paintball courses, Restivo, Timm, Dames, and Dolson ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:759
Prouty is a jesher. Edens is an intensier. Gigliotti is a cluker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hufnagel is an oterer. At the theater festival, Prouty, Edens, Gigliotti, and Hufnagel started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:760
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Falk is a mornisdeiver. Pfeiffer is a quarancer. Humbert is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lathrop is a wenbumber. At the garden, Falk, Humbert, Lathrop, and Pfeiffer met. The park has a park toilet as well! She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:761
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fuchs is an ointer. Hooton is an intensier. Fowles is a mornisdeiver. Vancil is a patalcer. At the high intensity class, Vancil, Fowles, Hooton, and Fuchs ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:762
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Caudill is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Faucette is a jesher. Grow is an intensier. Brandel is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the communal dining restaurant, Caudill, Faucette, Grow, and Brandel met. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:763
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Autrey is an intensier. Garofalo is an orgemier. Dew is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Crisp is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the museum, Dew, Garofalo, Autrey, and Crisp ran into each other. This museum and art is what we need more of. Ey reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:764
Quezada is an intensier. Cuervo is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Heaney is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Canchola is a quarancer. At the volunteer work, Cuervo, Heaney, Quezada, and Canchola started a conversation. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. Ze reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:765
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Farnum is an ointer. Eckman is a pinwer. Cozad is a dymer. Wehner is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the food and drink festival, Cozad, Eckman, Farnum, and Wehner ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:766
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Teske is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Caso is a dymer. Kull is a motaswer. Piedra is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the bus station, Teske, Piedra, Caso, and Kull started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:767
Midgley is an ointer. Hunsinger is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Koury is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. So is an oterer. At the bus station, Hunsinger, Koury, So, and Midgley started a conversation. People have different schedules. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:768
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Landeros is a spacter. Wendt is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Churchwell is an orgemier. Luviano is a pinwer. At the park, Wendt, Churchwell, Luviano, and Landeros ran into each other. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:769
Desroches is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Crowl is a jogunder. Petrick is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Fleet is an intensier. At the market, Desroches, Crowl, Petrick, and Fleet ran into each other. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:770
Vezina is a ceeper. Auld is an orgemier. Popoca is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Wilkie is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Popoca, Wilkie, Vezina, and Auld met at the archery class. Classes teach new things every week. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:771
Buell is a dymer. Hack is a quarancer. Prill is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Arevalo is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the networking event, Buell, Hack, Arevalo, and Prill ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:772
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bedoya is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Haralson is a wenbumber. Enamorado is a jogunder. Summerford is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bedoya, Haralson, Summerford, and Enamorado met at the garden. The park looks nice. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:773
Knop is an onner. Gettinger is a pinwer. Moroz is an ointer. Edney is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the garden, Moroz, Gettinger, Edney, and Knop met. The park is very green and refreshing. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:774
Mohney is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Croker is an ointer. Thrash is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Perino is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Croker, Mohney, Thrash, and Perino met at the charity car wash. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:775
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Duplessis is a motaswer. Meade is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schlemmer is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kittle is an oterer. At the paintball courses, Meade, Duplessis, Schlemmer, and Kittle ran into each other. Classes are well organized. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:776
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Bumgardner is a gladiower. Bedwell is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kahler is a quarancer. Vacca is an orgemier. At the bus station, Bumgardner, Bedwell, Kahler, and Vacca connected. Public transports are affordable. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:777
Rascon is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bohnert is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Kobayashi is a jogunder. Vogt is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the subway, Rascon, Vogt, Kobayashi, and Bohnert met. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:778
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lintner is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Parisi is a pinwer. Gulick is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Hooton is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the market, Parisi, Lintner, Gulick, and Hooton started a conversation. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:779
Lapierre is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Carillo is a spacter. Bast is an oterer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Goodson is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the power yoga class, Bast, Goodson, Lapierre, and Carillo met. The class starts with a warm - up session. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:780
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Rabideau is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Terrazas is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Brunell is a spacter. Baldino is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the party, Terrazas, Rabideau, Baldino, and Brunell connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:781
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Fontaine is a fangher. Barras is a motaswer. Sell is an oterer. Conant is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the garden, Barras, Fontaine, Conant, and Sell met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:782
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Garces is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Halstead is an ointer. Munden is an onner. Culbreth is a spacter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the boardwalk arcade, Halstead, Culbreth, Munden, and Garces ran into each other. The games are a lot of fun. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:783
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Stuber is an orgemier. Stillman is an ointer. Lamanna is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kloster is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the power yoga class, Stillman, Lamanna, Kloster, and Stuber ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:784
Hickson is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bortz is a jesher. Fenn is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sande is a fangher. At the volunteer organization meet, Sande, Hickson, Bortz, and Fenn ran into each other. Volunteering will bring confidence. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:785
Schiavo is a mornisdeiver. Gordillo is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Khuu is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Haller is a turper. At the archery class, Gordillo, Khuu, Haller, and Schiavo ran into each other. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:786
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Craver is a motaswer. Fleischman is an onner. Coffee is an oterer. Ridgway is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the improvisation class, Fleischman, Craver, Coffee, and Ridgway met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:787
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Juergens is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Whitehurst is a dymer. Ovalles is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Somers is a quarancer. At the boardwalk arcade, Ovalles, Whitehurst, Juergens, and Somers started a conversation. There are some good options for food too. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:788
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Sine is a gladiower. Zaragoza is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Lamarca is an oterer. Rolston is a dymer. At the club, Sine, Zaragoza, Rolston, and Lamarca met. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:789
Faulkner is a fangher. Carillo is an intensier. Keyser is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Shinault is a patalcer. Keyser, Carillo, Faulkner, and Shinault met at the subway. Public transports are eco-friendly. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:790
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Shock is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Goines is a cluker. Menges is a jesher. Elzey is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the school reunion, Menges, Elzey, Goines, and Shock started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:791
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Palos is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fang is a pinwer. Barge is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Kral is an orgemier. At the park, Barge, Fang, Kral, and Palos started a conversation. The park has a running track. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:792
Campion is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mok is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Linde is a fangher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Antillon is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the park, Linde, Mok, Antillon, and Campion ran into each other. The water is very good and clean. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:793
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bagley is a jesher. Lasky is an onner. Vila is a ceeper. Bye is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the subway, Bye, Lasky, Vila, and Bagley ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:794
Topping is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sarno is a pinwer. Abadie is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bales is a dymer. At the car show, Sarno, Abadie, Topping, and Bales started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:795
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Poyner is a fangher. Poulin is a ceeper. Hargreaves is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lessard is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the subway, Lessard, Poulin, Poyner, and Hargreaves ran into each other. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:796
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Naquin is a mornisdeiver. Sandusky is a dymer. Campos is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Meurer is a cluker. At the improvisation class, Naquin, Sandusky, Campos, and Meurer ran into each other. The class is fun! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:797
Ansell is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mcquiston is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Weinstock is an oterer. Sethi is an onner. At the commuter bus, Weinstock, Ansell, Sethi, and Mcquiston started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:798
Murillo is an oterer. Gabor is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Flemings is a cluker. Nadeau is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the communal dining restaurant, Nadeau, Gabor, Murillo, and Flemings started a conversation. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:799
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Poulin is a motaswer. Hockenberry is an ointer. Hone is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Forsberg is a patalcer. At the market, Poulin, Forsberg, Hone, and Hockenberry ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. Ey told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:800
Lucido is a spacter. Hulbert is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pope is a turper. Immel is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the subway, Immel, Pope, Lucido, and Hulbert met. People have different schedules. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:801
Gunnels is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Jeanbaptiste is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Nickell is an ointer. Dorazio is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the food and drink festival, Gunnels, Nickell, Jeanbaptiste, and Dorazio met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:802
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Guidry is an intensier. Gilstrap is a patalcer. Zabel is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Ochoa is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the job fair, Guidry, Gilstrap, Ochoa, and Zabel connected. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:803
Blackmore is a spacter. Anglin is a fangher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Ku is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cordoba is a wenbumber. At the gallery opening event, Ku, Cordoba, Anglin, and Blackmore started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:804
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Host is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cordoba is a mornisdeiver. Pettey is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Wenz is a jesher. At the gallery, Wenz, Cordoba, Host, and Pettey started a conversation. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:805
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Gaylor is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Wakeman is a patalcer. Rains is a ceeper. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Gallagher is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the power yoga class, Rains, Wakeman, Gallagher, and Gaylor met. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. They reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:806
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sandel is a gladiower. Gauna is an intensier. Pesce is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hoosier is a motaswer. At the charity car wash, Hoosier, Sandel, Gauna, and Pesce ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:807
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Lasater is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gabaldon is a patalcer. Steinke is a spacter. Dismukes is a fangher. Dismukes, Lasater, Steinke, and Gabaldon met at the school reunion. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:808
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Nehls is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Ngai is a spacter. Ebersole is a motaswer. Lamarre is a quarancer. At the high intensity class, Nehls, Ngai, Lamarre, and Ebersole met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:809
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Provencher is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Healy is a jogunder. Smeltzer is a gladiower. Jeanbaptiste is an ointer. Smeltzer, Healy, Provencher, and Jeanbaptiste met at the specialty retail store. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:810
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Loman is a dymer. Roselli is a jogunder. Allgood is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Beckwith is an ointer. Allgood, Roselli, Beckwith, and Loman met at the gallery opening event. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:811
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Pereyra is a spacter. Harpster is a cluker. Chaudhari is an intensier. Gibbon is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the comic book expo, Harpster, Chaudhari, Pereyra, and Gibbon connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:812
Warfield is a dymer. Pereyra is a jesher. Schrader is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Brockett is an ointer. At the bus station, Schrader, Pereyra, Brockett, and Warfield connected. The public transports are public. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:813
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mccampbell is an intensier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rink is a wenbumber. Shockley is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Niemeyer is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Niemeyer, Mccampbell, Rink, and Shockley met at the market. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:814
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Cloyd is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mcvicker is a dymer. Lipari is a jogunder. Wendler is a wenbumber. Lipari, Wendler, Cloyd, and Mcvicker met at the food and drink festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:815
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sweigart is a turper. Wunderlich is a ceeper. Sowell is an oterer. Ickes is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the partner dancing classes, Wunderlich, Sowell, Sweigart, and Ickes ran into each other. This class has amazing outcomes. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:816
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Raulerson is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Waddy is a dymer. Hazelwood is a gladiower. Ivery is a quarancer. Ivery, Hazelwood, Raulerson, and Waddy met at the theater festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:817
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Schaefer is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Peak is a dymer. Rosales is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Voltz is a pinwer. At the park, Schaefer, Voltz, Peak, and Rosales started a conversation. The park site for more information about the location. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:818
Galdamez is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Robeson is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Schipper is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Grimsley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Schipper, Robeson, Galdamez, and Grimsley met at the improvisation class. Each session teaches a different theme. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:819
Malo is an orgemier. Kingery is a gladiower. Michalek is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Gaffney is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the school reunion, Michalek, Malo, Kingery, and Gaffney met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:820
Claytor is a patalcer. Profit is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Timmerman is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Eshleman is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the food and drink festival, Eshleman, Claytor, Profit, and Timmerman met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:821
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Bissonette is an orgemier. Frei is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Higby is a jogunder. Viles is an ointer. At the communal dining restaurant, Frei, Bissonette, Higby, and Viles ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:822
Feldmann is a jesher. Trosclair is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Brewton is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Schumann is a quarancer. At the networking event, Schumann, Feldmann, Trosclair, and Brewton started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:823
Plaster is a jogunder. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hazzard is a dymer. Hession is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Richey is a turper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the park, Hession, Hazzard, Plaster, and Richey started a conversation. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:824
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Spivak is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Concha is a spacter. Tokarz is a gladiower. Fletes is an intensier. At the party, Spivak, Concha, Fletes, and Tokarz ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:825
Ledezma is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sauter is an ointer. Meaux is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hartshorn is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the high intensity class, Hartshorn, Ledezma, Meaux, and Sauter started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:826
Lax is a jesher. Gadson is a motaswer. Zullo is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Beaupre is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the comic book expo, Beaupre, Lax, Zullo, and Gadson ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:827
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Endres is a cluker. Mcknight is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Arcuri is an onner. Roush is an intensier. Endres, Arcuri, Mcknight, and Roush met at the archery class. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:828
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bourland is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Arriola is an oterer. Propst is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Boger is a motaswer. Propst, Bourland, Boger, and Arriola met at the charity car wash. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:829
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Converse is a spacter. Sopko is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cowans is a wenbumber. Newsom is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Cowans, Sopko, Newsom, and Converse met at the boardwalk arcade. The game can be interesting. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:830
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Arno is a gladiower. Nurse is a spacter. Zakrzewski is a motaswer. Frye is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Frye, Arno, Nurse, and Zakrzewski met at the high intensity class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:831
Veazey is a mornisdeiver. Springfield is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lightner is a motaswer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Redfield is an oterer. At the commuter bus, Veazey, Lightner, Redfield, and Springfield ran into each other. Public transports are eco-friendly. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:832
Tietjen is a ceeper. Boateng is a turper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Beehler is an orgemier. Grissom is an onner. At the paintball courses, Grissom, Boateng, Tietjen, and Beehler started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:833
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Viramontes is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bontrager is a patalcer. Sequeira is a dymer. Wojtowicz is a jogunder. At the specialty retail store, Viramontes, Sequeira, Bontrager, and Wojtowicz met. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:834
Hilburn is a jesher. Mcgough is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Waugh is an oterer. Finkbeiner is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the party, Mcgough, Finkbeiner, Waugh, and Hilburn met. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:835
Gurley is an oterer. Auclair is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Simkins is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Faught is an orgemier. At the partner dancing classes, Auclair, Faught, Gurley, and Simkins started a conversation. Classes provide fun and challenge. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:836
Laduke is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Persons is an ointer. Mitchem is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Donoghue is an oterer. At the volunteer organization meet, Persons, Mitchem, Donoghue, and Laduke met. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:837
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Stoneking is a wenbumber. Bicknell is a turper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wark is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hammond is an oterer. At the group vacation, Wark, Bicknell, Stoneking, and Hammond connected. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:838
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Pittman is a cluker. Kearney is a pinwer. Gasca is a spacter. Gish is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pittman, Gish, Gasca, and Kearney met at the garden. The park is beautiful. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:839
Borger is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Riendeau is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Olivar is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Phares is a fangher. At the club, Phares, Borger, Olivar, and Riendeau met. The drinks are served on time. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:840
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Gravley is a jesher. Doctor is an onner. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Costley is a turper. Steeves is a gladiower. At the public transport, Gravley, Steeves, Doctor, and Costley started a conversation. The public transports are public. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:841
Christianson is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. White is an ointer. Glorioso is a pinwer. Shank is an onner. Shank, White, Glorioso, and Christianson met at the market. The market is divided into sub-markets. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:842
Birmingham is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Pereyra is a patalcer. Mincey is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Harrah is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Pereyra, Harrah, Mincey, and Birmingham met at the volunteer organization meet. To participate, the participants must have a working record. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:843
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Manzanares is an intensier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bronstein is a gladiower. Duplessis is a pinwer. Salyers is a turper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the charity car wash, Salyers, Bronstein, Duplessis, and Manzanares connected. It is open to the public. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:844
Woosley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vivas is a dymer. Heenan is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lonergan is a pinwer. At the club, Heenan, Vivas, Woosley, and Lonergan connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:845
Bormann is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Horowitz is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tsang is a motaswer. Arteaga is a mornisdeiver. At the car show, Bormann, Horowitz, Tsang, and Arteaga connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:846
Vaidya is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Orantes is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stockman is a spacter. Eads is a patalcer. At the boardwalk arcade, Orantes, Stockman, Eads, and Vaidya started a conversation. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:847
Mayhew is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Fronk is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hansell is a ceeper. Chipps is an intensier. Chipps, Hansell, Mayhew, and Fronk met at the theater festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:848
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Trombetta is an onner. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Diggs is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rummel is a turper. Detwiler is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Rummel, Diggs, Detwiler, and Trombetta met at the power yoga class. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:849
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bufkin is an orgemier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Deeds is an ointer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Guth is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Enfield is a dymer. At the restaurant, Guth, Bufkin, Enfield, and Deeds started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:850
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Brewster is a quarancer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Favreau is a gladiower. Eads is a turper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Vanderhoff is an orgemier. At the public transport, Vanderhoff, Brewster, Favreau, and Eads ran into each other. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:851
Catron is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Baillargeon is a wenbumber. Stotler is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Markham is a jogunder. At the charity car wash, Markham, Baillargeon, Catron, and Stotler ran into each other. The event is still underway. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:852
Destefano is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Felan is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Solem is a mornisdeiver. Olah is a motaswer. At the garden, Solem, Olah, Destefano, and Felan connected. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:853
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Durant is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lumsden is a ceeper. Hickman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kahl is a turper. At the job fair, Durant, Kahl, Hickman, and Lumsden connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:854
Purkey is an ointer. Belanger is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Hogg is a turper. Reitz is a patalcer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the rideshare, Purkey, Hogg, Belanger, and Reitz ran into each other. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:855
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Boisvert is a turper. Gigliotti is a pinwer. Cloyd is a mornisdeiver. Parkinson is a spacter. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the food co-op, Boisvert, Cloyd, Gigliotti, and Parkinson ran into each other. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:856
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Behrens is a jesher. Patin is a patalcer. Massengill is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Genovese is an oterer. At the park, Behrens, Genovese, Patin, and Massengill started a conversation. The park has many plants and flowers. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:857
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Baughn is a mornisdeiver. Lobb is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Marmolejo is a gladiower. Zheng is a quarancer. At the theater festival, Zheng, Marmolejo, Baughn, and Lobb ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:858
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Turco is an onner. Block is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Genao is a quarancer. Shinault is a jesher. At the subway, Genao, Turco, Block, and Shinault met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:859
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Halter is a dymer. Bucio is a turper. Kelsch is a mornisdeiver. Carini is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the food co-op, Bucio, Carini, Kelsch, and Halter met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ey reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:860
Pabst is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Martz is a dymer. Sambrano is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hoskinson is a pinwer. At the specialty retail store, Hoskinson, Martz, Pabst, and Sambrano ran into each other. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:861
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mckown is an ointer. Tompkins is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Purifoy is a mornisdeiver. Urso is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mckown, Tompkins, Urso, and Purifoy met at the power yoga class. Yoga is best done in silence. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:862
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Poff is a gladiower. Daoust is a jesher. Smithers is a jogunder. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Oles is a dymer. At the archery class, Poff, Daoust, Oles, and Smithers started a conversation. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:863
Gately is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Highfill is a turper. Bunker is a spacter. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Porath is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the theater festival, Bunker, Porath, Gately, and Highfill started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:864
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lineberger is a motaswer. Doody is a quarancer. Narayanan is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Alverson is a turper. At the improvisation class, Doody, Narayanan, Alverson, and Lineberger met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:865
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mccomas is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hruby is a cluker. Yeomans is an intensier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Deakins is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the improvisation class, Mccomas, Hruby, Yeomans, and Deakins met. The class is fun! She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:866
Ruch is an intensier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Massengill is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Paniagua is a dymer. Mincey is a fangher. At the volunteer work, Massengill, Ruch, Paniagua, and Mincey started a conversation. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:867
Loyola is a cluker. Leboeuf is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Griswold is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Heal is an ointer. At the gallery, Heal, Griswold, Loyola, and Leboeuf connected. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:868
Tietjen is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Buentello is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Pack is a patalcer. Naranjo is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the paintball courses, Naranjo, Tietjen, Buentello, and Pack ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:869
Harwood is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Leedy is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Guerriero is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Seay is an oterer. Guerriero, Harwood, Seay, and Leedy met at the commuter bus. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:870
Roundtree is a spacter. Hebb is an intensier. Wurster is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tingle is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the paintball courses, Wurster, Tingle, Roundtree, and Hebb connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:871
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Wear is an orgemier. Henriques is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Brunk is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Stockman is a cluker. At the subway, Brunk, Stockman, Wear, and Henriques ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:872
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Gascon is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Tedrick is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Arena is an intensier. Amsden is a gladiower. At the job fair, Arena, Amsden, Gascon, and Tedrick ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:873
Tomlin is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Woodham is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bruss is a mornisdeiver. Velasquez is an ointer. At the party, Bruss, Tomlin, Velasquez, and Woodham ran into each other. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:874
Burnley is an orgemier. Heberling is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Trombly is a turper. Rohde is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Burnley, Heberling, Trombly, and Rohde met at the school reunion. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:875
Roessler is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Weir is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kapoor is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Duenas is an intensier. At the subway, Roessler, Kapoor, Duenas, and Weir connected. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:876
Hornbuckle is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Guidry is a pinwer. Liska is a jogunder. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Horsey is a turper. At the subway, Guidry, Liska, Hornbuckle, and Horsey ran into each other. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:877
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mccracken is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Weakley is an intensier. Dechant is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Climer is a patalcer. At the charity car wash, Weakley, Dechant, Mccracken, and Climer ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:878
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Cascio is a turper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wiese is an onner. Rishel is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Swan is a mornisdeiver. At the museum, Cascio, Rishel, Wiese, and Swan ran into each other. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:879
Hack is a motaswer. Kehoe is a turper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Dicarlo is a wenbumber. Press is a jogunder. At the party, Press, Kehoe, Dicarlo, and Hack ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:880
Mclaren is a jesher. Bucio is an orgemier. Dark is an intensier. Yeomans is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the high intensity class, Dark, Mclaren, Yeomans, and Bucio started a conversation. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:881
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Horrell is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Haar is a fangher. Kovac is a ceeper. Hagerman is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the theater festival, Kovac, Haar, Hagerman, and Horrell connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:882
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mire is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lefevre is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Wyble is a pinwer. Walsh is a fangher. At the partner dancing classes, Wyble, Mire, Lefevre, and Walsh ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:883
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Rishel is a jesher. Gover is a cluker. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Sloop is an onner. Hodgin is a turper. Gover, Hodgin, Sloop, and Rishel met at the job fair. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:884
Hartnett is an intensier. Gainer is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mitts is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rolf is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the volunteer work, Hartnett, Rolf, Mitts, and Gainer connected. Please contact the organization during working hours to discuss the volunteering options. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:885
Dallman is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Crownover is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Youn is a cluker. Bamford is a dymer. At the school reunion, Youn, Crownover, Bamford, and Dallman met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:886
Durgin is an intensier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Newcomer is a turper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Collard is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Henshaw is a fangher. At the subway, Henshaw, Durgin, Newcomer, and Collard started a conversation. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:887
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Minto is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Vandiver is a fangher. Teske is an ointer. Frisbee is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Frisbee, Minto, Teske, and Vandiver met at the high intensity class. Classes are well organized. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:888
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Dambrosio is a pinwer. Mertes is a patalcer. Lumpkins is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gong is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the bus station, Lumpkins, Mertes, Gong, and Dambrosio connected. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:889
Fuchs is a spacter. Rabideau is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dhaliwal is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Keyser is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the park, Fuchs, Dhaliwal, Rabideau, and Keyser met. The dogs here are lovely. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:890
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Buckingham is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Fleury is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bronstein is a mornisdeiver. Goto is a gladiower. At the archery class, Bronstein, Goto, Buckingham, and Fleury met. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:891
Nicolosi is a spacter. Whidden is a ceeper. Parkin is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mcdow is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the networking event, Parkin, Mcdow, Whidden, and Nicolosi met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:892
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Oviedo is an orgemier. Rusk is a dymer. Hartung is an ointer. Hartnett is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the food and drink festival, Rusk, Oviedo, Hartung, and Hartnett started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:893
Mcvicker is a turper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Horner is a gladiower. Sandel is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Khawaja is an oterer. At the museum, Mcvicker, Horner, Khawaja, and Sandel ran into each other. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:894
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Oshiro is a dymer. Feldman is a turper. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Huh is an orgemier. Riffle is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the volunteer work, Feldman, Oshiro, Huh, and Riffle started a conversation. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:895
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Einhorn is a wenbumber. Pell is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Drews is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Nix is a jesher. At the communal dining restaurant, Nix, Pell, Drews, and Einhorn met. The other beverages served here are ok. Ze told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:896
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Goodin is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Patten is a dymer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brodersen is an intensier. Sherk is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the archery class, Goodin, Patten, Sherk, and Brodersen connected. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:897
Mercurio is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Pierro is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Etheredge is a wenbumber. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Roller is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the rideshare, Roller, Pierro, Mercurio, and Etheredge connected. The public transports are public. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:898
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Anzaldua is an onner. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Vanderhoff is an intensier. Smalls is a mornisdeiver. Stachowiak is an oterer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the bus station, Smalls, Stachowiak, Anzaldua, and Vanderhoff connected. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:899
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Padilla is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bruggeman is an onner. Lusk is an oterer. Adkins is a jogunder. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the comic book expo, Padilla, Bruggeman, Adkins, and Lusk ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:900
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Billings is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lopiccolo is a jesher. Martinezlopez is a quarancer. Navas is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Billings, Lopiccolo, Navas, and Martinezlopez met at the bus station. The public transports are public. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:901
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Santander is an ointer. Borton is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wilbourn is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Pang is a gladiower. At the gallery, Borton, Pang, Santander, and Wilbourn started a conversation. The museum would be great to come back again and again! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:902
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Safford is an orgemier. Weis is an ointer. Morse is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Pickett is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pickett, Weis, Morse, and Safford met at the market. Markets are usually crowded. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:903
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Hickok is a jogunder. Saephan is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Marquart is a dymer. Kushner is a turper. At the market, Marquart, Kushner, Saephan, and Hickok connected. Markets are full of surprises! They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:904
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Atkinson is a patalcer. Jha is a spacter. Samsel is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Orona is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the school reunion, Atkinson, Jha, Samsel, and Orona connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:905
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Proctor is a cluker. Becerra is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Battiste is a motaswer. Hazelton is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the job fair, Battiste, Proctor, Hazelton, and Becerra connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:906
Boelter is a dymer. Blakeney is a cluker. Miner is an oterer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Grunwald is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the museum, Boelter, Blakeney, Miner, and Grunwald ran into each other. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:907
Eames is a patalcer. Magner is a wenbumber. Coldwell is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Fellows is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the bus station, Fellows, Magner, Eames, and Coldwell ran into each other. People have different schedules. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:908
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Bucio is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Knapp is a patalcer. Starkweather is a wenbumber. Farnum is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the charity car wash, Farnum, Knapp, Starkweather, and Bucio connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:909
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mckown is an oterer. Rollo is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcquiston is a motaswer. Lightner is an ointer. At the paintball courses, Rollo, Lightner, Mcquiston, and Mckown met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:910
Cronin is a jesher. Bragdon is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Billingsley is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Araiza is a pinwer. At the archery class, Cronin, Bragdon, Araiza, and Billingsley started a conversation. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:911
Mckie is a mornisdeiver. Cha is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Malo is a fangher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lumpkins is a dymer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the communal dining restaurant, Malo, Lumpkins, Cha, and Mckie ran into each other. The drinks are served on time. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:912
Ells is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Pilla is a wenbumber. Hopson is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hile is a spacter. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the food court, Hopson, Pilla, Ells, and Hile ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:913
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Tsang is an onner. Chrzanowski is a fangher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Rhoton is a ceeper. Pettway is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Tsang, Pettway, Chrzanowski, and Rhoton met at the market. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:914
Mcdonough is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mulvaney is an orgemier. Paugh is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Arcos is a quarancer. At the rideshare, Paugh, Mulvaney, Arcos, and Mcdonough started a conversation. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:915
Trainer is a dymer. Okelley is a pinwer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Schiro is a turper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fleetwood is a ceeper. At the bus station, Okelley, Fleetwood, Schiro, and Trainer connected. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:916
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stowe is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gabor is a jesher. Kuss is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hooley is an ointer. At the cigar bar, Stowe, Kuss, Hooley, and Gabor connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:917
Tew is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dahlman is a ceeper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Morrone is an onner. Mellott is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the cigar bar, Mellott, Tew, Dahlman, and Morrone met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:918
Frame is an ointer. Moodie is a spacter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Haugh is a mornisdeiver. Zhou is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Haugh, Moodie, Frame, and Zhou met at the partner dancing classes. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:919
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Grimmer is a patalcer. Brack is a mornisdeiver. Hou is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hedgepeth is a spacter. At the high intensity class, Hou, Brack, Grimmer, and Hedgepeth connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:920
Funez is a patalcer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Streets is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Rosenberg is a spacter. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Congdon is a dymer. Congdon, Funez, Streets, and Rosenberg met at the subway. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:921
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Porcaro is a turper. Soza is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Goodlow is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bucio is a dymer. At the public transport, Goodlow, Bucio, Porcaro, and Soza connected. People have different schedules. They told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:922
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Tinnin is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Pink is a spacter. Kull is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Valeriano is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the volunteer organization meet, Pink, Tinnin, Valeriano, and Kull started a conversation. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:923
Conwell is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Thrasher is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Giberson is an orgemier. Capehart is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the cigar bar, Thrasher, Conwell, Capehart, and Giberson started a conversation. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:924
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Devera is a quarancer. Dula is a cluker. Stromberg is a fangher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mccaleb is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the volunteer organization meet, Dula, Mccaleb, Stromberg, and Devera ran into each other. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:925
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Buse is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Dias is a fangher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Arteaga is a pinwer. Sensabaugh is a cluker. At the cigar bar, Sensabaugh, Dias, Arteaga, and Buse ran into each other. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:926
Rondeau is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Boatwright is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dorazio is a gladiower. Scala is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the archery class, Boatwright, Dorazio, Scala, and Rondeau connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:927
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ruggiero is a dymer. Gossard is a motaswer. Badgett is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mullinix is a turper. At the volunteer work, Ruggiero, Mullinix, Gossard, and Badgett met. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:928
Scheerer is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Santander is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mccaskill is a dymer. Kaufmann is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the market, Santander, Scheerer, Mccaskill, and Kaufmann ran into each other. The market is a big source of income for many people. Ey told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:929
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Furr is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lumpkins is a motaswer. Minick is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Aquino is a ceeper. Furr, Minick, Aquino, and Lumpkins met at the power yoga class. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:930
Heal is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Calo is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Segers is a pinwer. Haugh is a jesher. At the public transport, Heal, Haugh, Calo, and Segers met. Public transports are affordable. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:931
Sandifer is a spacter. Mcmeans is an onner. Almodovar is a turper. Donegan is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the improvisation class, Donegan, Mcmeans, Sandifer, and Almodovar met. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:932
Mcpherson is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Easterday is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Beem is an ointer. Sledge is a motaswer. At the restaurant, Beem, Easterday, Mcpherson, and Sledge connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:933
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Loera is an onner. Fey is a spacter. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Burzynski is a dymer. Tefft is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the museum, Burzynski, Tefft, Fey, and Loera connected. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:934
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hickman is a cluker. Emig is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Caudill is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Otwell is an onner. At the networking event, Hickman, Caudill, Otwell, and Emig started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:935
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Early is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Farias is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Borntrager is a wenbumber. Vandenbosch is a dymer. At the club, Farias, Borntrager, Early, and Vandenbosch met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:936
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Savarese is a pinwer. Tung is a cluker. Stalder is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fulford is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the boardwalk arcade, Stalder, Fulford, Tung, and Savarese started a conversation. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:937
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Barth is a jesher. Sperling is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fleet is an oterer. Wakeman is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Fleet, Sperling, Wakeman, and Barth met at the rideshare. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:938
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Haight is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Resendiz is a ceeper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bradburn is a motaswer. Moran is a gladiower. At the power yoga class, Resendiz, Bradburn, Moran, and Haight met. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:939
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Crutchfield is a motaswer. Mayen is a jogunder. Stroble is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Seiber is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mayen, Stroble, Seiber, and Crutchfield met at the school reunion. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:940
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ausmus is an onner. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mckenney is a gladiower. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ritz is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Henke is a cluker. At the rideshare, Ausmus, Ritz, Henke, and Mckenney met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:941
Widener is a patalcer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Fredette is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Kearse is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Harden is a motaswer. At the power yoga class, Kearse, Harden, Fredette, and Widener connected. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:942
Coldiron is an ointer. Gulati is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Woodham is a dymer. Gentner is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gulati, Coldiron, Gentner, and Woodham met at the food co-op. It is a cool place to hang out. They told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:943
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Gong is a jesher. Craddock is a spacter. Steely is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gutshall is a ceeper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the high intensity class, Steely, Gutshall, Gong, and Craddock connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:944
Rising is a dymer. Xu is a gladiower. Hufnagel is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Callanan is a jesher. Rising, Callanan, Hufnagel, and Xu met at the archery class. Classes provide fun and challenge. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:945
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brun is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Selph is a ceeper. Banales is a wenbumber. Carmean is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity car wash, Brun, Selph, Banales, and Carmean started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:946
Mcphail is a dymer. Castrejon is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Schwarz is an onner. Press is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Press, Schwarz, Mcphail, and Castrejon met at the specialty retail store. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:947
Engelmann is an ointer. Rockett is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Vargo is an orgemier. Somers is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the communal dining restaurant, Engelmann, Rockett, Vargo, and Somers started a conversation. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:948
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Tompkins is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Watlington is a pinwer. Efird is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fredricks is an onner. At the gallery, Efird, Tompkins, Fredricks, and Watlington met. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:949
Abate is a ceeper. Sarro is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Martz is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Work is a mornisdeiver. At the museum, Martz, Abate, Sarro, and Work started a conversation. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:950
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Duque is a quarancer. Im is a jesher. Spradling is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sandhu is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the comic book expo, Im, Spradling, Duque, and Sandhu met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:951
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Wenz is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Burnley is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Santilli is an onner. Gambill is a fangher. At the volunteer work, Burnley, Santilli, Wenz, and Gambill connected. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:952
Gulledge is a gladiower. Yepez is a dymer. Wootton is an oterer. Chou is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the group vacation, Wootton, Gulledge, Chou, and Yepez met. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:953
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tiburcio is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Gaynor is a cluker. Hollaway is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Chang is an ointer. Gaynor, Hollaway, Tiburcio, and Chang met at the school reunion. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:954
Faulk is a dymer. Steiner is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Buettner is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Seaborn is an ointer. At the paintball courses, Seaborn, Buettner, Faulk, and Steiner met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:955
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Birk is a patalcer. Bartos is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hartwick is a motaswer. Panek is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hartwick, Bartos, Panek, and Birk met at the paintball courses. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:956
Hornung is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kilmer is an oterer. Stroble is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Dahlberg is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dahlberg, Kilmer, Stroble, and Hornung met at the commuter bus. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:957
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Crabill is a mornisdeiver. Gobel is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Spruill is a wenbumber. Mcnatt is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the restaurant, Crabill, Spruill, Gobel, and Mcnatt started a conversation. The beer is excellent. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:958
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Olivarez is an ointer. Gamblin is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Puente is a dymer. So is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the networking event, So, Olivarez, Gamblin, and Puente ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:959
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Oboyle is an onner. Vanwagner is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Clyburn is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Wardwell is a motaswer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the food and drink festival, Clyburn, Oboyle, Vanwagner, and Wardwell connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:960
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cleghorn is a gladiower. Coldiron is a spacter. Scarberry is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Spry is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the improvisation class, Scarberry, Coldiron, Spry, and Cleghorn started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:961
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lochner is a jesher. Berliner is a fangher. Mattice is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Brune is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the bus station, Mattice, Lochner, Berliner, and Brune started a conversation. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:962
Powe is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Fogg is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Wendt is a patalcer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Eberhart is a spacter. At the car show, Powe, Eberhart, Fogg, and Wendt ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:963
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Humes is a cluker. Sienkiewicz is an orgemier. Stager is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Slabaugh is a dymer. At the communal dining restaurant, Stager, Sienkiewicz, Humes, and Slabaugh met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:964
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gaudio is a patalcer. Bartolotta is an oterer. Runkle is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Svoboda is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the boardwalk arcade, Svoboda, Runkle, Bartolotta, and Gaudio started a conversation. It is fun to play here. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:965
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Narayanan is a jogunder. Krause is a pinwer. Bahena is an oterer. Timmons is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Narayanan, Bahena, Krause, and Timmons started a conversation. The game can be interesting. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:966
Hislop is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pereyra is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pack is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Calhoon is a pinwer. At the job fair, Calhoon, Pack, Pereyra, and Hislop met. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:967
Albury is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Steinke is a motaswer. Sears is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Vezina is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sears, Vezina, Steinke, and Albury met at the archery class. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:968
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stenson is a cluker. Hatchett is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Troyer is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hepner is a fangher. At the partner dancing classes, Hepner, Stenson, Hatchett, and Troyer met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:969
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Homes is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pedigo is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Astacio is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Ton is a patalcer. At the power yoga class, Ton, Pedigo, Astacio, and Homes connected. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:970
Towles is an orgemier. Jester is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Roller is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Schoonmaker is a gladiower. Towles, Jester, Roller, and Schoonmaker met at the rideshare. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:971
Fine is a ceeper. Sibrian is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Furr is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Poche is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the food and drink festival, Poche, Sibrian, Fine, and Furr started a conversation. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:972
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Pulido is an oterer. Roeder is a motaswer. Heenan is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Surette is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the specialty retail store, Heenan, Pulido, Surette, and Roeder started a conversation. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:973
Viles is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Eckley is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Reel is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lachman is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the networking event, Eckley, Reel, Lachman, and Viles ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:974
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Brack is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Santander is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Schuett is an ointer. Ridings is a spacter. Ridings, Brack, Schuett, and Santander met at the communal dining restaurant. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:975
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Newcomer is a mornisdeiver. Veazey is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Kazmierczak is an onner. Gauna is a fangher. Kazmierczak, Gauna, Veazey, and Newcomer met at the park. The park has a lot of gardens. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:976
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Latiolais is a jogunder. Mortenson is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Oaks is an oterer. Portis is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the public transport, Latiolais, Mortenson, Portis, and Oaks met. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:977
Cueto is a patalcer. Pack is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bird is a turper. Gee is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the food court, Bird, Cueto, Gee, and Pack met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:978
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Strum is a turper. Siu is a motaswer. Vecchione is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Tillery is an orgemier. At the group vacation, Tillery, Strum, Siu, and Vecchione ran into each other. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:979
Figueredo is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gover is a pinwer. Trombly is a patalcer. Grogan is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the school reunion, Trombly, Gover, Figueredo, and Grogan ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:980
Rohde is a mornisdeiver. Matherly is a fangher. Wind is a patalcer. Miedema is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the theater festival, Matherly, Wind, Miedema, and Rohde met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:981
Fontaine is an ointer. Aguilera is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Camilleri is an onner. Lepage is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Fontaine, Lepage, Camilleri, and Aguilera met at the group vacation. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:982
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Arms is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Girton is a jesher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gongora is an onner. Fenn is a quarancer. At the archery class, Fenn, Arms, Gongora, and Girton met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:983
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Helle is an intensier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Peebles is a cluker. Sheffer is a dymer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Streets is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the bus station, Sheffer, Streets, Helle, and Peebles started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. Ze reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:984
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Greenman is an onner. Aguayo is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bosma is a ceeper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Repp is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the boardwalk arcade, Repp, Greenman, Aguayo, and Bosma started a conversation. The city is a great place to find something to do. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:985
Riehle is an oterer. Palos is a ceeper. Sandler is a cluker. Schimmel is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the party, Schimmel, Palos, Riehle, and Sandler ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:986
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cumming is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bangs is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Balderas is a pinwer. Dockery is a jesher. At the party, Cumming, Balderas, Bangs, and Dockery met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:987
Botero is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Acree is a fangher. Hartzler is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Driggers is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the high intensity class, Acree, Driggers, Hartzler, and Botero ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:988
Garmon is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Drewry is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Conteh is a patalcer. Garcialopez is a dymer. At the garden, Garcialopez, Conteh, Drewry, and Garmon ran into each other. The park has a running track. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:989
Tisdale is a fangher. Rodela is a patalcer. Labarge is an oterer. Ranallo is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rodela, Ranallo, Labarge, and Tisdale met at the partner dancing classes. The class is extremely motivating. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:990
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Chavis is an onner. Denby is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Osuna is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Boger is a patalcer. At the cigar bar, Osuna, Denby, Boger, and Chavis connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:991
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Ivery is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dove is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Landman is a patalcer. Breitenbach is a ceeper. At the party, Dove, Landman, Breitenbach, and Ivery ran into each other. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:992
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Ingersoll is a motaswer. Timmons is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Herzig is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Coder is a ceeper. At the bus station, Timmons, Ingersoll, Coder, and Herzig ran into each other. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:993
Howley is a fangher. Falvey is a spacter. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Christopherson is a cluker. Barrera is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the school reunion, Christopherson, Falvey, Howley, and Barrera met. A large number of people attend these events. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:994
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Poblete is a jogunder. Chaffee is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Leblanc is an onner. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Milian is a pinwer. Milian, Leblanc, Chaffee, and Poblete met at the volunteer organization meet. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:995
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Marcano is a pinwer. Nickell is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rumley is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Carcamo is a quarancer. At the comic book expo, Rumley, Nickell, Carcamo, and Marcano met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:996
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sinn is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Endres is an ointer. Rainbolt is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kaufmann is a cluker. At the specialty retail store, Kaufmann, Rainbolt, Sinn, and Endres ran into each other. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:997
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Belizaire is a ceeper. Gilliland is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Lundy is a cluker. Stlouis is an ointer. At the party, Gilliland, Belizaire, Lundy, and Stlouis met. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:998
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mayo is a turper. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Meas is a jesher. Cornett is an intensier. Kroeger is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the commuter bus, Mayo, Meas, Cornett, and Kroeger met. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:999
Lesher is a quarancer. Depaul is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Sanabria is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Struthers is a spacter. At the paintball courses, Depaul, Lesher, Sanabria, and Struthers connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1000
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Philpott is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Shoaf is a jogunder. Prude is an orgemier. Smedley is a quarancer. Prude, Philpott, Smedley, and Shoaf met at the comic book expo. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1001
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Guzman is a quarancer. Mcdonough is a wenbumber. Bustamante is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lodge is an ointer. At the specialty retail store, Guzman, Lodge, Mcdonough, and Bustamante ran into each other. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1002
Stoltz is a dymer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Benninger is a turper. Dombroski is an onner. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hinojosa is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the museum, Benninger, Stoltz, Hinojosa, and Dombroski connected. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1003
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Whiteley is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Nordby is a jogunder. Buentello is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Meas is a turper. At the archery class, Nordby, Whiteley, Meas, and Buentello started a conversation. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1004
Zuniga is a quarancer. Finkelstein is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Staten is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Stauber is a pinwer. At the cigar bar, Staten, Stauber, Zuniga, and Finkelstein met. The other beverages served here are ok. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1005
Rambo is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Beresford is an onner. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Trimble is a turper. Christianson is an oterer. Rambo, Beresford, Trimble, and Christianson met at the networking event. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1006
Stuckey is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Stecker is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sandifer is a fangher. Tooker is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the volunteer work, Stecker, Tooker, Sandifer, and Stuckey started a conversation. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1007
Spillane is a pinwer. Householder is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Daye is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Witzel is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the boardwalk arcade, Spillane, Witzel, Daye, and Householder connected. The game can be interesting. Ey reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1008
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Guard is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Secord is a mornisdeiver. Foland is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gravatt is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the food and drink festival, Gravatt, Foland, Secord, and Guard ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1009
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fredricks is an orgemier. Leeson is a mornisdeiver. Woodfin is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Peery is a spacter. At the food and drink festival, Peery, Leeson, Woodfin, and Fredricks met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1010
Harless is an ointer. Ready is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Cosenza is a patalcer. Tinch is a quarancer. At the power yoga class, Cosenza, Tinch, Harless, and Ready ran into each other. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1011
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Schramm is an orgemier. Breitenbach is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schoch is a motaswer. Eichner is a cluker. At the cigar bar, Schoch, Breitenbach, Eichner, and Schramm ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1012
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fain is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Turnage is a spacter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Leverett is a dymer. Baptist is an oterer. At the rideshare, Fain, Leverett, Turnage, and Baptist ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1013
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Steves is a patalcer. Bahl is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Quito is a ceeper. Eyre is an oterer. Steves, Eyre, Quito, and Bahl met at the club. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1014
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Martinsen is an oterer. Onofre is a wenbumber. Lybarger is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Diener is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the communal dining restaurant, Lybarger, Diener, Martinsen, and Onofre connected. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1015
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Niemann is an intensier. Hurd is an ointer. Bayes is a wenbumber. Liverman is a ceeper. At the volunteer work, Hurd, Niemann, Liverman, and Bayes connected. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1016
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Mckittrick is a ceeper. Carreno is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Nemeth is a cluker. Evert is a jogunder. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the communal dining restaurant, Mckittrick, Nemeth, Carreno, and Evert started a conversation. The place was crowded. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1017
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Armour is an ointer. Braman is a mornisdeiver. Rives is a dymer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cozart is a gladiower. At the job fair, Braman, Armour, Cozart, and Rives connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1018
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Henslee is a patalcer. Hepworth is a fangher. Youn is a mornisdeiver. Dakin is an onner. At the commuter bus, Henslee, Hepworth, Dakin, and Youn ran into each other. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1019
Lauver is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ament is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schisler is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hyder is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the volunteer work, Ament, Hyder, Schisler, and Lauver met. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1020
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Martini is a fangher. Lillis is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Shamburger is a ceeper. Hinderliter is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the gallery, Hinderliter, Martini, Lillis, and Shamburger connected. The museum would be great to come back again and again! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1021
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dalley is a cluker. Horst is a wenbumber. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kestner is a mornisdeiver. Garris is an oterer. Kestner, Horst, Dalley, and Garris met at the food co-op. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1022
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hove is a mornisdeiver. Snider is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Myatt is an orgemier. Rolfes is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the restaurant, Rolfes, Hove, Myatt, and Snider met. The coffee tea is great. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1023
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pinzon is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Ton is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Laguna is an intensier. Piccolo is an ointer. At the boardwalk arcade, Laguna, Ton, Piccolo, and Pinzon connected. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1024
Balmer is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Charbonneau is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cowherd is a jesher. Campuzano is an oterer. At the club, Campuzano, Balmer, Cowherd, and Charbonneau met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1025
Vielma is a motaswer. Safford is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hedges is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mcdougald is a turper. Mcdougald, Hedges, Safford, and Vielma met at the boardwalk arcade. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. Ey told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1026
Ertel is an oterer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Disanto is an onner. Lowry is a quarancer. Penson is a motaswer. At the paintball courses, Penson, Disanto, Ertel, and Lowry started a conversation. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1027
Sandberg is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Paramore is a jogunder. Richerson is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Larue is an ointer. At the park, Richerson, Larue, Paramore, and Sandberg connected. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1028
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. House is a gladiower. Calabro is a fangher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Swearingen is a dymer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lemons is a spacter. At the networking event, Calabro, House, Swearingen, and Lemons met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1029
Nelms is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Patten is a quarancer. Schober is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fuqua is an onner. At the boardwalk arcade, Schober, Nelms, Patten, and Fuqua ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1030
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Coffin is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Gant is a jesher. Hanger is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Casillas is a mornisdeiver. At the charity car wash, Coffin, Casillas, Hanger, and Gant met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1031
Shetty is a spacter. Waltman is an orgemier. Vrabel is a jogunder. Uhler is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the bus station, Uhler, Shetty, Vrabel, and Waltman ran into each other. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1032
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Timmerman is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cavallaro is a motaswer. Sandusky is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mcdonnell is a cluker. At the improvisation class, Timmerman, Sandusky, Cavallaro, and Mcdonnell connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1033
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Siders is an orgemier. Bandy is an onner. Falls is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kinnard is a wenbumber. At the commuter bus, Siders, Kinnard, Bandy, and Falls started a conversation. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1034
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Barrette is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Guay is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Leu is a cluker. Sonntag is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the theater festival, Guay, Barrette, Leu, and Sonntag ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1035
Hazelton is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bitter is an oterer. Panos is a pinwer. Suhr is a cluker. At the specialty retail store, Bitter, Hazelton, Panos, and Suhr connected. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1036
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Dufault is a dymer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Batton is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bekele is an intensier. Chipps is a jesher. At the theater festival, Batton, Chipps, Bekele, and Dufault started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1037
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ginder is a mornisdeiver. Juergens is a gladiower. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Folks is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lecroy is an onner. At the group vacation, Lecroy, Juergens, Ginder, and Folks met. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1038
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Corum is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wolford is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mcmahan is a fangher. Frechette is a quarancer. At the improvisation class, Corum, Frechette, Mcmahan, and Wolford ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1039
Elsayed is a jesher. Viles is a pinwer. Umstead is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Butler is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the museum, Butler, Viles, Umstead, and Elsayed ran into each other. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1040
Longnecker is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pfister is a ceeper. Didomenico is a fangher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Viveiros is a patalcer. At the comic book expo, Pfister, Longnecker, Viveiros, and Didomenico ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1041
Mackiewicz is a patalcer. Risk is an orgemier. Gonser is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Inge is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mackiewicz, Gonser, Inge, and Risk met at the volunteer work. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1042
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Stoneking is a turper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Mchenry is an onner. Eads is a spacter. Grigoryan is a gladiower. Mchenry, Grigoryan, Eads, and Stoneking met at the partner dancing classes. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1043
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Arredondo is a mornisdeiver. Colyer is a patalcer. Hollman is an orgemier. Mcvey is an oterer. Hollman, Mcvey, Colyer, and Arredondo met at the museum. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1044
Amend is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Antillon is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kocsis is a jesher. Martineau is a quarancer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Amend, Antillon, Martineau, and Kocsis met at the garden. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1045
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Vanpelt is a jogunder. Puryear is a dymer. Shepler is an intensier. Batz is a quarancer. At the comic book expo, Vanpelt, Puryear, Shepler, and Batz connected. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1046
Cuevas is a cluker. Kin is a jesher. Lybarger is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Schroyer is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the food co-op, Lybarger, Schroyer, Kin, and Cuevas connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1047
Richins is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Zurcher is a jogunder. Penman is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Ratliff is an orgemier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the rideshare, Penman, Richins, Ratliff, and Zurcher started a conversation. Public transports are affordable. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1048
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Woerner is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Schalk is a mornisdeiver. Kepley is a quarancer. Basu is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Kepley, Woerner, Basu, and Schalk met at the party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1049
Sibert is a jesher. Qian is an oterer. Pinnix is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hartzler is a patalcer. At the charity car wash, Pinnix, Qian, Hartzler, and Sibert ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1050
Houchin is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Heinemann is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Twigg is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Schmitt is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the improvisation class, Schmitt, Houchin, Heinemann, and Twigg ran into each other. Classes teach new things every week. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1051
Felan is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mccaulley is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Koroma is an onner. Wheat is a motaswer. At the rideshare, Koroma, Wheat, Felan, and Mccaulley met. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1052
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cascio is an ointer. Holen is a dymer. Beem is a ceeper. Irby is an onner. Cascio, Holen, Irby, and Beem met at the networking event. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1053
Marson is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Vancleve is a jogunder. Harkless is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dutt is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Vancleve, Dutt, Harkless, and Marson met at the paintball courses. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1054
Prill is a spacter. Pasley is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Shanks is an intensier. Araiza is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the group vacation, Pasley, Prill, Shanks, and Araiza started a conversation. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1055
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Triggs is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Harder is a jesher. Gillon is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fahey is a jogunder. At the job fair, Gillon, Fahey, Harder, and Triggs connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1056
Claxton is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Boatwright is a quarancer. Deeds is a fangher. Castorena is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the car show, Castorena, Boatwright, Claxton, and Deeds ran into each other. The event is still underway. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1057
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Grosso is a cluker. Lindsley is an onner. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Saito is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Klemm is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the improvisation class, Grosso, Klemm, Saito, and Lindsley started a conversation. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1058
Branham is an oterer. Rasch is a motaswer. Maday is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Arreola is a turper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food court, Branham, Arreola, Maday, and Rasch ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1059
Dwyer is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Shingleton is a jogunder. Rothenberg is a jesher. Mathai is a wenbumber. At the job fair, Mathai, Dwyer, Shingleton, and Rothenberg ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1060
Nurse is a motaswer. Drapeau is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Huckabee is a jesher. Manzo is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the subway, Drapeau, Nurse, Manzo, and Huckabee met. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1061
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Muto is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Cockerham is a quarancer. Brendel is an orgemier. Gumbs is a fangher. At the boardwalk arcade, Cockerham, Muto, Brendel, and Gumbs started a conversation. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1062
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Farley is a patalcer. Mirabal is a dymer. Crase is an onner. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ruffino is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the gallery opening event, Farley, Crase, Mirabal, and Ruffino started a conversation. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1063
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gendreau is a mornisdeiver. Caster is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Vogl is a fangher. Walkup is a quarancer. At the theater festival, Caster, Vogl, Gendreau, and Walkup met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1064
Youn is an intensier. Kirsch is a jesher. Galdamez is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Vanscoy is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the subway, Galdamez, Vanscoy, Youn, and Kirsch ran into each other. Public transportation will have increased transit times. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1065
Chaplin is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Villacorta is an orgemier. Bolander is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Bolin is a spacter. At the party, Bolander, Bolin, Villacorta, and Chaplin ran into each other. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1066
Sears is a patalcer. Melgarejo is a wenbumber. Geiser is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Novoa is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Melgarejo, Geiser, Sears, and Novoa met at the group vacation. Tours show all the important places in a city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1067
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Ribeiro is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Saephan is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kress is a patalcer. Weathersby is a fangher. Weathersby, Kress, Saephan, and Ribeiro met at the park. The park is very green and refreshing. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1068
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Funke is a ceeper. Pettway is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wojtowicz is an ointer. Morgenstern is an oterer. At the museum, Pettway, Funke, Wojtowicz, and Morgenstern met. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1069
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Dyke is a fangher. Fortenberry is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Zarate is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Shen is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the food court, Zarate, Dyke, Shen, and Fortenberry ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1070
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ruhland is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Delapena is a wenbumber. Hollinger is an onner. Gin is a motaswer. At the specialty retail store, Delapena, Hollinger, Gin, and Ruhland connected. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1071
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Werts is a pinwer. Zink is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sharkey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Alzate is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the food co-op, Werts, Zink, Alzate, and Sharkey connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1072
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cashwell is an ointer. Fischbach is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lampley is a mornisdeiver. Vento is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the car show, Fischbach, Cashwell, Lampley, and Vento met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1073
Carmona is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Moree is an onner. Wittenberg is a cluker. Balmer is an orgemier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the high intensity class, Balmer, Carmona, Moree, and Wittenberg met. This class has amazing outcomes. Ey told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1074
Braatz is a ceeper. Goodsell is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ingersoll is an oterer. Donaldson is a dymer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ingersoll, Goodsell, Donaldson, and Braatz met at the rideshare. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1075
Streit is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Heckman is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Rosser is a ceeper. Corea is a turper. At the school reunion, Rosser, Heckman, Corea, and Streit started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1076
Rutland is a dymer. Ballance is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Quirk is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Vallecillo is a mornisdeiver. At the commuter bus, Ballance, Quirk, Rutland, and Vallecillo ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. They reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1077
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Varona is a jogunder. Cothern is a jesher. Blanch is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Howe is an onner. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the party, Blanch, Howe, Cothern, and Varona started a conversation. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1078
Becerril is an oterer. Birge is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcavoy is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Cheesman is a pinwer. Birge, Becerril, Cheesman, and Mcavoy met at the gallery opening event. The event is free and open to all people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1079
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Galdamez is a turper. Laboy is a dymer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Chino is an oterer. Olivarez is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the food and drink festival, Laboy, Galdamez, Chino, and Olivarez met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1080
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fleckenstein is a dymer. Ruggiero is an oterer. Viramontes is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Marx is an onner. At the school reunion, Ruggiero, Marx, Viramontes, and Fleckenstein started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1081
Herr is a cluker. Peoples is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Nock is a jesher. Freed is a dymer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the volunteer work, Herr, Nock, Peoples, and Freed connected. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1082
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Odom is an intensier. Dakin is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Jaramillo is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Forte is an ointer. Jaramillo, Dakin, Forte, and Odom met at the museum. The museum would be great to come back again and again! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1083
Liotta is a motaswer. Hardiman is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Scheller is a mornisdeiver. Morriss is a patalcer. At the comic book expo, Liotta, Morriss, Hardiman, and Scheller ran into each other. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1084
Bak is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Borntrager is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Tappan is a spacter. Bigham is a ceeper. At the park, Bigham, Bak, Borntrager, and Tappan started a conversation. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1085
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Donaghy is a patalcer. Monaghan is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Meade is a jogunder. Carlino is a gladiower. At the bus station, Meade, Donaghy, Carlino, and Monaghan connected. Public transports are affordable. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1086
Wendler is a spacter. Charron is a quarancer. Delorme is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcinnis is an intensier. At the archery class, Wendler, Delorme, Charron, and Mcinnis started a conversation. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1087
Costley is an intensier. Shirey is a pinwer. Turco is an orgemier. Whittenburg is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Shirey, Turco, Whittenburg, and Costley met at the bus station. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1088
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Moorehead is a cluker. Kozar is a wenbumber. Mcdonnell is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Reineke is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the food co-op, Reineke, Moorehead, Kozar, and Mcdonnell ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1089
Whittemore is a pinwer. Riojas is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Harting is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Pierrelouis is a mornisdeiver. At the party, Whittemore, Pierrelouis, Riojas, and Harting started a conversation. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1090
Shinkle is a ceeper. Falconer is a cluker. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Stoltz is a wenbumber. Mckown is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the archery class, Shinkle, Mckown, Stoltz, and Falconer met. Classes are well organized. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1091
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Baltz is a gladiower. Crase is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kates is a pinwer. Fierro is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the gallery, Fierro, Crase, Baltz, and Kates ran into each other. The museum has no such thing as free entry. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1092
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Forester is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Damore is a spacter. Ohanlon is a ceeper. Whitlow is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the car show, Whitlow, Forester, Ohanlon, and Damore ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1093
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Braatz is an ointer. Legault is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Burrill is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Cronin is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the car show, Braatz, Burrill, Cronin, and Legault started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1094
Motes is an onner. Pooler is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bartos is a spacter. Whitlow is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the club, Pooler, Motes, Bartos, and Whitlow started a conversation. It is a cool place to hang out. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1095
Amburgey is a fangher. Coffelt is a pinwer. Dehaan is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Corby is a cluker. At the bus station, Amburgey, Coffelt, Corby, and Dehaan ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1096
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Seybold is an ointer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Goings is an oterer. Borntrager is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Volker is a motaswer. At the bus station, Volker, Borntrager, Seybold, and Goings connected. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1097
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Rishel is a pinwer. Lingenfelter is an intensier. Saathoff is an onner. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Stagner is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the museum, Stagner, Saathoff, Rishel, and Lingenfelter connected. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1098
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Matula is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Um is a pinwer. Hammon is a quarancer. Shamburger is a gladiower. At the gallery opening event, Shamburger, Hammon, Matula, and Um met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1099
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Okane is a ceeper. Oglesby is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mahone is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Heald is an oterer. At the archery class, Heald, Oglesby, Mahone, and Okane connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1100
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Maginnis is a motaswer. Andresen is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Caban is a fangher. Eddleman is a wenbumber. At the networking event, Maginnis, Andresen, Caban, and Eddleman met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1101
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kitson is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Correa is a jesher. Dennard is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Steiner is a fangher. At the gallery, Steiner, Kitson, Dennard, and Correa started a conversation. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1102
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Farquhar is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Elsner is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Woodruff is a jesher. Holzman is a motaswer. At the comic book expo, Woodruff, Farquhar, Holzman, and Elsner met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1103
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mcmillian is a gladiower. Sorrell is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Robitaille is an orgemier. Castelan is a spacter. At the partner dancing classes, Sorrell, Mcmillian, Robitaille, and Castelan connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1104
Kin is an intensier. Crump is a dymer. Burrill is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lowenstein is an oterer. Kin, Lowenstein, Burrill, and Crump met at the high intensity class. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1105
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Liska is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Ye is a gladiower. Carrasco is an ointer. Suzuki is a jogunder. At the food court, Ye, Suzuki, Carrasco, and Liska started a conversation. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1106
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Beemer is an orgemier. Swartwood is a fangher. Mancia is an oterer. Fuqua is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the museum, Fuqua, Beemer, Swartwood, and Mancia met. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1107
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Schrader is a quarancer. Smock is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Propst is a pinwer. Vaidya is an onner. At the subway, Smock, Vaidya, Schrader, and Propst started a conversation. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1108
Fenn is a dymer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Watters is a fangher. Pierrelouis is a jogunder. Mckeel is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Watters, Pierrelouis, Mckeel, and Fenn met at the job fair. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1109
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Johnsen is a mornisdeiver. Hollandsworth is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mire is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Daub is an intensier. At the party, Johnsen, Mire, Daub, and Hollandsworth met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1110
Mcferrin is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fiorentino is an onner. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Melnyk is a dymer. Hagedorn is an oterer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the gallery, Hagedorn, Melnyk, Fiorentino, and Mcferrin met. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1111
Applewhite is a dymer. Litman is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Maio is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rutland is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the networking event, Rutland, Applewhite, Litman, and Maio started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1112
Dawe is a quarancer. Mclarty is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Brumm is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Monteith is a fangher. At the partner dancing classes, Brumm, Monteith, Dawe, and Mclarty started a conversation. Classes provide fun and challenge. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1113
Schuler is a fangher. Doctor is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Philbrick is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Artiaga is an ointer. At the cigar bar, Philbrick, Artiaga, Schuler, and Doctor met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1114
Cutshaw is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Nakamoto is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Markiewicz is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Scriven is a mornisdeiver. At the school reunion, Nakamoto, Cutshaw, Scriven, and Markiewicz started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1115
Goudeau is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bressler is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Solares is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Jalbert is a pinwer. At the specialty retail store, Jalbert, Bressler, Goudeau, and Solares met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1116
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hagedorn is an oterer. Bonnet is a dymer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Tolan is a turper. Burley is a gladiower. At the commuter bus, Burley, Hagedorn, Tolan, and Bonnet connected. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1117
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lustig is a spacter. Bulloch is a mornisdeiver. Lockard is a cluker. Toole is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the market, Lustig, Bulloch, Toole, and Lockard met. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1118
Schimmel is a ceeper. Caudill is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Greenhalgh is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Re is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the subway, Caudill, Greenhalgh, Schimmel, and Re ran into each other. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1119
Pizano is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hickox is an onner. Sisneros is a ceeper. Bruder is an orgemier. Hickox, Bruder, Pizano, and Sisneros met at the restaurant. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1120
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Stubblefield is a gladiower. Whisler is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Urbina is an oterer. Drews is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the volunteer organization meet, Stubblefield, Urbina, Whisler, and Drews met. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1121
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Zimmer is a gladiower. Utter is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Smyth is an intensier. Mattice is an orgemier. At the partner dancing classes, Mattice, Zimmer, Smyth, and Utter started a conversation. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1122
Malo is a gladiower. Crater is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Aguilera is a spacter. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Calcagno is a jogunder. Aguilera, Calcagno, Crater, and Malo met at the park. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. They told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1123
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Rauch is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Deemer is an orgemier. Therrien is a turper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lobb is a ceeper. Deemer, Therrien, Lobb, and Rauch met at the networking event. A lot of people participate in these events! They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1124
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Dearborn is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pritchett is a pinwer. Krier is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Balasubramanian is a jogunder. At the market, Balasubramanian, Krier, Pritchett, and Dearborn started a conversation. Markets are usually crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1125
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Isenberg is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Larocque is a ceeper. Puente is a spacter. Angulo is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the club, Puente, Isenberg, Larocque, and Angulo started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1126
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hedden is a dymer. Dussault is a wenbumber. Dubon is a ceeper. Gantz is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the food court, Dubon, Hedden, Gantz, and Dussault connected. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1127
Hamil is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Prime is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Forsberg is an onner. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Urbina is an orgemier. At the archery class, Urbina, Hamil, Prime, and Forsberg met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1128
Mchugh is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Sager is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Leyba is an ointer. Dragon is a ceeper. At the public transport, Mchugh, Leyba, Dragon, and Sager started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1129
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Fenn is an oterer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Dill is a jogunder. Nemeth is a jesher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Witmer is an onner. At the charity car wash, Nemeth, Witmer, Fenn, and Dill met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1130
Sannicolas is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Holdsworth is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Shields is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mook is an oterer. At the cigar bar, Shields, Sannicolas, Holdsworth, and Mook met. The atmosphere was nice. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1131
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Beamer is a quarancer. Henriques is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ringgold is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Richerson is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the improvisation class, Henriques, Ringgold, Richerson, and Beamer connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ey told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1132
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lamy is a turper. Heredia is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Santucci is a fangher. Wolverton is an oterer. At the partner dancing classes, Santucci, Wolverton, Lamy, and Heredia connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1133
Chipman is a motaswer. Harrod is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ambriz is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Conwell is an orgemier. At the cigar bar, Conwell, Harrod, Chipman, and Ambriz met. The drinks are served on time. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1134
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Peppers is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Wasson is a quarancer. Ruzicka is a ceeper. Bemis is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bemis, Peppers, Wasson, and Ruzicka met at the museum. Museums are definitely not boring! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1135
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Birdwell is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cedeno is an intensier. Pence is an onner. Pullen is an orgemier. Cedeno, Pence, Pullen, and Birdwell met at the partner dancing classes. Each session teaches a different theme. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1136
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Frechette is a jogunder. Stripling is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Calabro is a wenbumber. Demos is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the specialty retail store, Demos, Calabro, Frechette, and Stripling started a conversation. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1137
Galeana is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Magallanes is a patalcer. Crisp is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Dove is a fangher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the subway, Dove, Magallanes, Galeana, and Crisp started a conversation. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1138
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Menard is a mornisdeiver. Henriksen is a ceeper. Nevarez is an onner. Breeding is a dymer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Nevarez, Breeding, Menard, and Henriksen met. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1139
Rood is a pinwer. Landeros is a jogunder. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fitzwater is an onner. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Swarey is an intensier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the group vacation, Fitzwater, Rood, Landeros, and Swarey connected. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1140
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Christopherson is a mornisdeiver. Shake is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Secor is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Forsberg is an orgemier. Christopherson, Secor, Forsberg, and Shake met at the food court. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1141
Ostrander is a turper. Gainer is a wenbumber. Carrasco is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Knutson is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the charity car wash, Carrasco, Ostrander, Knutson, and Gainer met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1142
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mckittrick is an oterer. Arnone is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ferebee is a cluker. Glanz is a quarancer. At the partner dancing classes, Ferebee, Mckittrick, Arnone, and Glanz ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! Ey told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1143
Seiden is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Barrette is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Collazo is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Jeppesen is a spacter. At the restaurant, Seiden, Collazo, Barrette, and Jeppesen met. The coffee tastes good. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1144
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Kistler is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Benner is a pinwer. Dasilva is a mornisdeiver. Porath is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Benner, Porath, Dasilva, and Kistler met at the food co-op. The other beverages served here are ok. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1145
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rivero is a gladiower. Freitas is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Gent is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Toole is an intensier. At the rideshare, Freitas, Rivero, Toole, and Gent ran into each other. Public transports are affordable. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1146
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Pfeiffer is a fangher. Hallett is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kazmierczak is a cluker. Pabst is a dymer. At the communal dining restaurant, Pabst, Pfeiffer, Hallett, and Kazmierczak connected. The coffee tea is great. They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1147
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hires is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Goetz is an intensier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kirchoff is an ointer. Cheramie is an onner. At the specialty retail store, Kirchoff, Hires, Goetz, and Cheramie connected. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1148
Dittmer is a cluker. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Kates is a pinwer. Muncy is a fangher. Cicero is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the garden, Muncy, Cicero, Dittmer, and Kates ran into each other. The birds are wild and hungry! She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1149
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Urso is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Stauber is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Barratt is a dymer. Fleeman is a gladiower. At the specialty retail store, Fleeman, Barratt, Urso, and Stauber ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1150
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mclaren is a spacter. Grondin is a pinwer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rivas is an onner. Harnden is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the theater festival, Grondin, Harnden, Rivas, and Mclaren ran into each other. It is open to the public. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1151
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hatten is a cluker. Strait is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stickney is an orgemier. Wirtz is a gladiower. At the restaurant, Wirtz, Hatten, Stickney, and Strait met. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1152
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hutchins is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hartwick is a fangher. Krishnan is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Lanza is an orgemier. At the group vacation, Lanza, Krishnan, Hutchins, and Hartwick ran into each other. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. They reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1153
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dimond is a cluker. Baba is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Escobedo is a turper. Giesler is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Giesler, Dimond, Baba, and Escobedo met at the high intensity class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1154
Kunze is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gelb is a jogunder. Calaway is a jesher. Kost is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the food court, Kunze, Kost, Gelb, and Calaway ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1155
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ono is a fangher. Lefkowitz is a ceeper. Pritt is a cluker. Weisner is an onner. At the group vacation, Weisner, Lefkowitz, Pritt, and Ono ran into each other. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1156
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Malecki is a cluker. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Sopko is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Orosco is a patalcer. Bellino is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Sopko, Bellino, Malecki, and Orosco met at the club. It is a cool place to hang out. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1157
Steiner is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Silvey is a motaswer. Mell is an ointer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Grissom is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the museum, Mell, Grissom, Silvey, and Steiner met. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1158
Hilbert is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mulder is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bottomley is a ceeper. Starnes is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mulder, Bottomley, Hilbert, and Starnes met at the subway. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1159
Ravenell is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Collis is a fangher. Artiaga is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stroble is a cluker. Stroble, Artiaga, Collis, and Ravenell met at the partner dancing classes. The classes usually begin before work. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1160
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Driggers is a quarancer. Redfield is an ointer. Sladek is a spacter. Enderle is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the gallery opening event, Redfield, Enderle, Driggers, and Sladek started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1161
Holub is an onner. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mcvey is a jogunder. Smedley is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Casagrande is a spacter. At the specialty retail store, Mcvey, Smedley, Holub, and Casagrande started a conversation. Markets are full of surprises! She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1162
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Condon is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mell is a patalcer. Villarreal is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Topping is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mell, Condon, Topping, and Villarreal met at the power yoga class. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1163
Dimauro is a patalcer. Laabs is an intensier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Worsley is an onner. Gebhard is a mornisdeiver. At the club, Dimauro, Gebhard, Laabs, and Worsley met. The beer is excellent. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1164
Oberg is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Loy is a wenbumber. Cozad is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dicarlo is an orgemier. At the food and drink festival, Loy, Oberg, Cozad, and Dicarlo ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1165
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Cronin is an ointer. Hagood is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Parkins is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rosenblatt is a turper. At the club, Parkins, Cronin, Rosenblatt, and Hagood started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1166
Marceau is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Baldino is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Groat is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lujano is a quarancer. At the car show, Lujano, Marceau, Baldino, and Groat ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1167
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Brakefield is an orgemier. Waterman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Devito is a gladiower. Lillis is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the club, Lillis, Waterman, Brakefield, and Devito started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1168
Caba is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Barringer is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Nagle is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mcreynolds is a patalcer. At the charity car wash, Barringer, Nagle, Caba, and Mcreynolds met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1169
Schmitt is a jogunder. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Shake is a ceeper. Ficklin is a dymer. Riggle is an onner. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Shake, Ficklin, Schmitt, and Riggle met at the public transport. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1170
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Neace is a jogunder. Brainard is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Harrod is a mornisdeiver. Messner is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the volunteer work, Neace, Messner, Harrod, and Brainard started a conversation. A hurricane or other natural calamity can be a good reason to volunteer at a charity center. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1171
Mcbee is a wenbumber. Berns is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lasater is an intensier. Sabatini is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the public transport, Berns, Lasater, Sabatini, and Mcbee met. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1172
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Graber is a patalcer. Streater is a wenbumber. Brightwell is an onner. Biondo is a mornisdeiver. At the networking event, Brightwell, Graber, Streater, and Biondo ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1173
Ferber is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Martinson is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sumpter is an oterer. Zullo is a mornisdeiver. At the job fair, Zullo, Martinson, Ferber, and Sumpter started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1174
Oberg is a quarancer. Lever is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Dutt is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mchenry is a pinwer. Dutt, Oberg, Lever, and Mchenry met at the charity car wash. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1175
Casillas is a patalcer. Gulati is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stamp is a quarancer. Rosero is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the subway, Gulati, Rosero, Stamp, and Casillas started a conversation. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1176
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Searfoss is an onner. Nehring is a quarancer. Gordy is a turper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Housel is a patalcer. At the communal dining restaurant, Searfoss, Housel, Gordy, and Nehring met. The place was crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1177
Winbush is a mornisdeiver. Stenberg is a fangher. Armistead is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Boatwright is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Winbush, Boatwright, Armistead, and Stenberg met at the paintball courses. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1178
Yepez is a turper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Freitag is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Weems is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Sopko is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the club, Freitag, Yepez, Sopko, and Weems started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1179
Nicholson is a jogunder. Nadeau is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Grinnell is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wilkie is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the bus station, Wilkie, Grinnell, Nadeau, and Nicholson connected. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1180
Guynn is an onner. Self is an intensier. Qin is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. March is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the commuter bus, Qin, March, Guynn, and Self started a conversation. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. Ze told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1181
Parchman is a mornisdeiver. Farrow is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Borger is a fangher. Hauck is an ointer. At the car show, Borger, Parchman, Farrow, and Hauck connected. It is open to the public. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1182
Stelter is an ointer. Lomax is a turper. Casteel is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Ingrassia is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Stelter, Casteel, Lomax, and Ingrassia met at the group vacation. The tour is an important part of the new generation. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1183
Nees is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Allain is a wenbumber. Demos is a motaswer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Braatz is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the cigar bar, Braatz, Demos, Allain, and Nees ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1184
Hamburg is a wenbumber. Hilts is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hoops is a mornisdeiver. Goh is a turper. At the gallery, Hilts, Hoops, Goh, and Hamburg connected. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1185
Pooley is a gladiower. Cowell is a cluker. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stapp is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Dauria is an oterer. At the party, Cowell, Dauria, Pooley, and Stapp met. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1186
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Berwick is an intensier. Faucette is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bonaparte is a pinwer. Hagopian is a cluker. Faucette, Berwick, Bonaparte, and Hagopian met at the party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1187
Brockett is an orgemier. Elsayed is a fangher. Perrotta is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Vargo is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Brockett, Vargo, Elsayed, and Perrotta met at the park. All the flowers in the park are so nice. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1188
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Folks is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Garfias is an ointer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Forte is a pinwer. Kroening is an orgemier. At the commuter bus, Kroening, Folks, Forte, and Garfias connected. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1189
Lamkin is a turper. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Sorrels is a jogunder. Durgin is an orgemier. Mcinnis is an intensier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the restaurant, Durgin, Mcinnis, Lamkin, and Sorrels met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1190
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Trexler is a motaswer. Sonntag is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Vallecillo is a turper. Lorusso is a wenbumber. At the power yoga class, Trexler, Vallecillo, Sonntag, and Lorusso met. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1191
Brame is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sibrian is a dymer. Hardiman is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bissett is a fangher. At the comic book expo, Sibrian, Brame, Bissett, and Hardiman started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ey reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1192
Sienkiewicz is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Jost is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Kopf is an onner. Doctor is a patalcer. At the high intensity class, Jost, Kopf, Sienkiewicz, and Doctor met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1193
Searls is an oterer. Busick is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Ream is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Profitt is a gladiower. At the group vacation, Profitt, Busick, Ream, and Searls connected. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1194
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Curfman is an intensier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sperling is a quarancer. Woolfolk is a gladiower. Delmonte is a fangher. At the school reunion, Woolfolk, Delmonte, Sperling, and Curfman ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1195
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Hillman is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Adhikari is a quarancer. Olinger is a motaswer. Ortiz is a wenbumber. At the school reunion, Hillman, Ortiz, Olinger, and Adhikari started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1196
Hilburn is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Cuthbert is a turper. Delong is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcknight is a patalcer. At the archery class, Delong, Cuthbert, Mcknight, and Hilburn connected. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1197
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rogge is a wenbumber. Monaghan is a spacter. Bohannan is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Windsor is a jesher. Rogge, Monaghan, Bohannan, and Windsor met at the garden. The park is very green and refreshing. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1198
Brackin is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Germano is a fangher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Birk is a jesher. Eckenrode is a mornisdeiver. At the gallery opening event, Eckenrode, Brackin, Birk, and Germano connected. The event is free and open to all people. They told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1199
Drewry is a motaswer. Brackin is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Schoch is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Whisler is a dymer. Whisler, Brackin, Drewry, and Schoch met at the partner dancing classes. The class is extremely motivating. Ey reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1200
Lauver is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Shupp is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Tallman is an onner. Buckmaster is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Shupp, Lauver, Tallman, and Buckmaster met at the food co-op. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1201
Figueredo is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Capellan is a pinwer. Farrer is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Buntin is a fangher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Buntin, Farrer, Figueredo, and Capellan met at the high intensity class. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1202
Mcnees is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Treadwell is a spacter. Malhotra is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Muszynski is a patalcer. At the partner dancing classes, Muszynski, Mcnees, Treadwell, and Malhotra started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1203
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Gaylor is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lindberg is a dymer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Quezada is a wenbumber. Sowers is a spacter. At the restaurant, Quezada, Sowers, Gaylor, and Lindberg connected. The coffee tea is great. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1204
Mapp is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bergh is a turper. Croker is a fangher. Declue is a quarancer. At the charity car wash, Bergh, Croker, Declue, and Mapp met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1205
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Kopp is a motaswer. Macintyre is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mckie is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pen is a fangher. At the food court, Macintyre, Pen, Mckie, and Kopp ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1206
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bannerman is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Carvajal is a dymer. Hagopian is a wenbumber. Drewry is an ointer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bannerman, Carvajal, Drewry, and Hagopian met at the boardwalk arcade. There are some good options for food too. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1207
Belden is a wenbumber. Pettigrew is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kingsbury is a patalcer. Smiley is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the specialty retail store, Belden, Smiley, Kingsbury, and Pettigrew met. Markets are usually crowded. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1208
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Valdivia is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Shick is a cluker. Kraker is a dymer. Garciaperez is a ceeper. Valdivia, Garciaperez, Shick, and Kraker met at the paintball courses. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1209
Santini is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Tamez is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Rummel is an ointer. Adkins is a ceeper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the cigar bar, Rummel, Santini, Tamez, and Adkins met. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1210
Shear is a turper. Bagby is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Saltz is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Denault is a quarancer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the partner dancing classes, Bagby, Shear, Denault, and Saltz ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1211
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hom is a motaswer. Sayre is an intensier. Lines is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Braman is a turper. At the park, Sayre, Lines, Hom, and Braman started a conversation. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1212
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hollinger is an ointer. Deshpande is a turper. Urso is a jesher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ready is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the gallery opening event, Deshpande, Urso, Hollinger, and Ready started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1213
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Saintlouis is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hofer is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bowlin is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Shu is a jogunder. At the park, Bowlin, Saintlouis, Hofer, and Shu connected. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1214
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Peek is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Malecki is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Dietrick is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Nims is an ointer. Nims, Dietrick, Peek, and Malecki met at the volunteer work. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1215
Staker is an oterer. Costley is a turper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Coffelt is a ceeper. Ton is a pinwer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the rideshare, Coffelt, Staker, Ton, and Costley connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. They reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1216
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Palomar is a dymer. Kazmierczak is a jogunder. Vancleve is a mornisdeiver. Tedrick is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Vancleve, Kazmierczak, Tedrick, and Palomar met at the power yoga class. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1217
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Cessna is a fangher. Umstead is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mcneely is a jesher. Ruf is an orgemier. At the group vacation, Umstead, Cessna, Mcneely, and Ruf connected. The tour is an important part of the new generation. They reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1218
Chatmon is an oterer. Kight is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Worsham is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Suazo is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the high intensity class, Worsham, Suazo, Chatmon, and Kight met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1219
Castanon is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lecroy is a motaswer. Wuest is a patalcer. Labonte is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the theater festival, Wuest, Lecroy, Labonte, and Castanon connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1220
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Whittemore is a mornisdeiver. Maez is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Shunk is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Longo is a motaswer. At the power yoga class, Whittemore, Shunk, Maez, and Longo met. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1221
Sinnott is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sisneros is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Zarate is a quarancer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kha is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the specialty retail store, Kha, Sisneros, Sinnott, and Zarate connected. The market is divided into sub-markets. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1222
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kaufmann is an intensier. Brizuela is a mornisdeiver. Bradshaw is a dymer. Cullum is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the networking event, Brizuela, Bradshaw, Kaufmann, and Cullum connected. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1223
Patin is a pinwer. Levesque is a wenbumber. Dismukes is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mcelfresh is a fangher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the car show, Levesque, Mcelfresh, Patin, and Dismukes met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1224
Dimeglio is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mccaskill is a dymer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Caracciolo is a turper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Avina is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the partner dancing classes, Avina, Mccaskill, Dimeglio, and Caracciolo connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1225
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Humbert is a dymer. Marble is an onner. Mowbray is a mornisdeiver. Swiderski is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the job fair, Swiderski, Humbert, Marble, and Mowbray ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1226
Swain is a dymer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Huitt is a turper. Eslick is a ceeper. Ulm is an onner. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the rideshare, Swain, Eslick, Ulm, and Huitt connected. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1227
Meas is a patalcer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Castelo is an onner. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcgonagle is a ceeper. Weigle is an intensier. Weigle, Mcgonagle, Castelo, and Meas met at the bus station. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1228
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mccomas is a dymer. Staker is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Reisman is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Waltz is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the subway, Waltz, Mccomas, Reisman, and Staker met. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. They told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1229
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Horowitz is a jogunder. Grimmer is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Tullos is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Harnish is a spacter. At the school reunion, Tullos, Harnish, Horowitz, and Grimmer ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1230
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Sheehan is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Witter is an onner. Poyner is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Quirarte is an ointer. At the rideshare, Witter, Quirarte, Poyner, and Sheehan ran into each other. Public transports are easy to find. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1231
Bearden is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pullen is a ceeper. Zell is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Forester is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the job fair, Zell, Pullen, Bearden, and Forester ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ey reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1232
Wortman is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mead is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Satchell is a turper. Stanhope is a ceeper. At the school reunion, Mead, Wortman, Satchell, and Stanhope started a conversation. It is open to the public. Ey reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1233
Delangel is a quarancer. Somers is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Vannoy is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Elsberry is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Vannoy, Somers, Elsberry, and Delangel met at the archery class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1234
Swindle is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Brigman is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mcgeorge is an onner. Picou is a jogunder. At the food and drink festival, Brigman, Mcgeorge, Picou, and Swindle ran into each other. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1235
Kothari is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Leblanc is a ceeper. Wilkerson is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Highfill is an orgemier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the public transport, Kothari, Highfill, Wilkerson, and Leblanc started a conversation. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1236
Deeds is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Rojas is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Zehner is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Laycock is an oterer. At the commuter bus, Rojas, Laycock, Zehner, and Deeds ran into each other. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1237
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mcbee is an ointer. Wardlaw is a motaswer. Hitchcock is a patalcer. Szczepanski is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the rideshare, Wardlaw, Mcbee, Szczepanski, and Hitchcock met. Public transports are affordable. They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1238
Wing is a cluker. Fredette is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Harpster is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cottingham is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Harpster, Fredette, Wing, and Cottingham met at the specialty retail store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1239
Held is a dymer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Brainard is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schexnayder is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Goodson is a turper. At the public transport, Schexnayder, Brainard, Held, and Goodson ran into each other. Public transports are affordable. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1240
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Porcaro is a fangher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Belmontes is a dymer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gilder is a ceeper. Lukasik is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the networking event, Lukasik, Porcaro, Gilder, and Belmontes ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1241
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Malec is a mornisdeiver. Portis is a turper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sundberg is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Obrien is an intensier. At the job fair, Portis, Sundberg, Obrien, and Malec met. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1242
Fain is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dunaway is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cashwell is an intensier. Stalder is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the theater festival, Fain, Dunaway, Cashwell, and Stalder connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1243
Swann is a ceeper. Mccandless is a gladiower. Wagar is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Obannon is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Wagar, Swann, Mccandless, and Obannon met at the food and drink festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1244
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Cornett is a gladiower. Cromer is a patalcer. Motes is a pinwer. Drane is a dymer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the power yoga class, Cromer, Motes, Cornett, and Drane ran into each other. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1245
Santelli is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Richins is a jesher. Schiro is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Brookins is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the car show, Santelli, Schiro, Richins, and Brookins met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1246
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dalley is an ointer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mcdonnell is a jesher. Furey is a dymer. Derosa is an onner. Mcdonnell, Furey, Derosa, and Dalley met at the partner dancing classes. Each session teaches a different theme. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1247
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lemos is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Schneck is an intensier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Cyr is a spacter. Thornburg is a turper. At the communal dining restaurant, Cyr, Lemos, Thornburg, and Schneck connected. The other beverages served here are ok. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1248
Canchola is an onner. Grooms is a dymer. Runkle is a quarancer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Takahashi is a cluker. At the archery class, Runkle, Grooms, Canchola, and Takahashi started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1249
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Longnecker is a ceeper. Bruss is a jesher. Hymes is a gladiower. Simien is a turper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the gallery opening event, Hymes, Longnecker, Bruss, and Simien met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1250
Clear is an onner. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rood is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Harkins is a pinwer. Fortson is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the volunteer work, Fortson, Clear, Harkins, and Rood connected. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1251
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Finck is a motaswer. Burdett is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Castillo is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Housley is an intensier. At the charity car wash, Housley, Burdett, Castillo, and Finck connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1252
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Coggins is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rachal is a jesher. Zapata is a patalcer. Summers is a cluker. At the subway, Coggins, Rachal, Zapata, and Summers met. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1253
Stillman is an onner. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Stegman is an ointer. Meaux is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mckeithan is a pinwer. Stillman, Mckeithan, Stegman, and Meaux met at the job fair. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1254
Gambill is a cluker. Ganey is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dahn is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fullerton is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the communal dining restaurant, Dahn, Gambill, Fullerton, and Ganey ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1255
Ardon is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Colucci is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Lantigua is a patalcer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Rondon is a turper. At the power yoga class, Lantigua, Colucci, Ardon, and Rondon ran into each other. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1256
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Smyth is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mellott is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Neu is a patalcer. Guynn is a ceeper. At the bus station, Guynn, Neu, Smyth, and Mellott ran into each other. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1257
Guth is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gonyea is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hagopian is a ceeper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Amidon is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Guth, Gonyea, Hagopian, and Amidon met at the comic book expo. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1258
Bushee is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Granillo is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rascon is an intensier. Mcelroy is a spacter. At the charity car wash, Bushee, Rascon, Granillo, and Mcelroy started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1259
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Huizenga is an orgemier. Goldberg is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Pizzi is an oterer. Menard is a quarancer. At the archery class, Goldberg, Huizenga, Pizzi, and Menard ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1260
Bump is a wenbumber. Onorato is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Flinchum is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Reider is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the networking event, Reider, Bump, Flinchum, and Onorato started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1261
Witte is a pinwer. Delong is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mulder is a gladiower. Gunnels is an intensier. At the gallery, Witte, Gunnels, Delong, and Mulder met. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1262
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Avilla is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Balmer is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Yamashita is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Corsi is a wenbumber. At the public transport, Avilla, Balmer, Yamashita, and Corsi ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1263
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Sottile is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Goldberg is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Branham is a cluker. Salva is an onner. At the volunteer work, Salva, Branham, Goldberg, and Sottile started a conversation. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. Ze reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1264
Fredricks is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Medders is a wenbumber. Dearing is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wehner is an intensier. At the specialty retail store, Dearing, Fredricks, Medders, and Wehner ran into each other. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1265
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Quackenbush is a motaswer. Oles is a wenbumber. Bianchini is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Arteaga is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Oles, Quackenbush, Bianchini, and Arteaga met at the rideshare. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1266
Carraway is a ceeper. Pizzi is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Klassen is a wenbumber. Dandy is a jogunder. At the garden, Pizzi, Klassen, Dandy, and Carraway started a conversation. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1267
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lewandowski is a jesher. Shockley is an ointer. Broom is a pinwer. Heimann is a dymer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the market, Shockley, Lewandowski, Heimann, and Broom connected. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1268
Whisenant is a quarancer. Rife is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. East is a motaswer. Cannata is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the job fair, East, Whisenant, Rife, and Cannata ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1269
Rosenblatt is a fangher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bunton is an oterer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Pettus is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bazemore is a jesher. At the cigar bar, Bunton, Pettus, Rosenblatt, and Bazemore connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1270
Palazzolo is an intensier. Parkin is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mclarty is a jogunder. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hartnett is a turper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the cigar bar, Palazzolo, Hartnett, Parkin, and Mclarty connected. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1271
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Ye is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lanning is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Engelmann is a pinwer. Alford is an intensier. At the job fair, Alford, Lanning, Ye, and Engelmann met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1272
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ingersoll is a quarancer. Grande is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tejada is a patalcer. Hensler is a motaswer. At the volunteer work, Tejada, Ingersoll, Grande, and Hensler connected. Volunteering will bring confidence. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1273
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Suda is a ceeper. Woodall is an ointer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cosey is a jesher. Smedley is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the group vacation, Suda, Smedley, Woodall, and Cosey connected. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1274
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcgraw is a fangher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Grimmer is a jesher. Chronister is an orgemier. Cousar is a ceeper. Grimmer, Chronister, Cousar, and Mcgraw met at the high intensity class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1275
Bartlett is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hibbard is a wenbumber. Brigman is a spacter. Appling is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the subway, Hibbard, Bartlett, Brigman, and Appling met. Public transports are affordable. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1276
Kondo is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sorrentino is an onner. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Deitz is an orgemier. Hyder is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the group vacation, Kondo, Deitz, Hyder, and Sorrentino started a conversation. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1277
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mahon is a turper. Frame is a fangher. Rohn is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Casler is a jesher. At the club, Rohn, Casler, Frame, and Mahon met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1278
Palmeri is a turper. Naumann is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mulvaney is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Shiner is a spacter. At the restaurant, Palmeri, Mulvaney, Shiner, and Naumann ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1279
Gerth is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Toledo is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Knutsen is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Kibbe is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the market, Toledo, Knutsen, Kibbe, and Gerth met. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1280
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hunsinger is an ointer. Lingo is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bugg is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Noblitt is a gladiower. At the comic book expo, Hunsinger, Noblitt, Lingo, and Bugg ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1281
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Host is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Engelman is a pinwer. Mitts is an intensier. Stambaugh is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the group vacation, Host, Stambaugh, Mitts, and Engelman connected. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1282
Kittrell is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Stoddard is an intensier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcgurk is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Salmeron is a dymer. At the partner dancing classes, Mcgurk, Stoddard, Kittrell, and Salmeron connected. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1283
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Miedema is a cluker. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Clodfelter is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Baughman is a spacter. Doby is a dymer. Clodfelter, Doby, Baughman, and Miedema met at the garden. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1284
Pospisil is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Ruzicka is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bitner is a spacter. Tomlin is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the volunteer work, Tomlin, Ruzicka, Bitner, and Pospisil connected. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1285
Schiefelbein is a turper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Orihuela is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Shrewsbury is an ointer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Geer is a cluker. Schiefelbein, Shrewsbury, Orihuela, and Geer met at the cigar bar. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1286
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Frazee is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Zamorano is a quarancer. Bouma is an intensier. Fralick is an ointer. Bouma, Frazee, Fralick, and Zamorano met at the club. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1287
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ruzicka is a spacter. Mattila is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Stonecipher is an orgemier. Pierrelouis is a pinwer. At the boardwalk arcade, Pierrelouis, Stonecipher, Ruzicka, and Mattila met. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1288
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Caraballo is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Obanion is an oterer. Pangilinan is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Concannon is a motaswer. At the gallery opening event, Caraballo, Concannon, Pangilinan, and Obanion connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1289
Picou is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Shank is a jesher. Pearlman is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pizzi is a pinwer. At the car show, Picou, Shank, Pearlman, and Pizzi started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1290
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kass is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Westover is a spacter. Christianson is a dymer. Seager is an oterer. At the bus station, Christianson, Seager, Kass, and Westover met. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1291
Theriot is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Orvis is a turper. Cicero is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mowrer is a motaswer. At the club, Cicero, Mowrer, Theriot, and Orvis connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1292
Markiewicz is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Nakamoto is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Siders is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Ausmus is an intensier. At the improvisation class, Nakamoto, Markiewicz, Ausmus, and Siders connected. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1293
Rhymer is a pinwer. Mosser is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Busick is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Boren is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the charity car wash, Boren, Mosser, Rhymer, and Busick started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1294
Fredette is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mcchesney is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rivero is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Hsiao is a patalcer. At the volunteer work, Rivero, Mcchesney, Fredette, and Hsiao started a conversation. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1295
Gendreau is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Munz is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Marmolejo is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Bahl is a ceeper. At the gallery opening event, Bahl, Marmolejo, Gendreau, and Munz started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1296
Jalbert is a jesher. Kayser is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Guzik is a fangher. Acree is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the archery class, Jalbert, Kayser, Guzik, and Acree met. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1297
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Leboeuf is a dymer. Broman is an ointer. Cedeno is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Urbina is a patalcer. At the commuter bus, Broman, Leboeuf, Urbina, and Cedeno met. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. Ze reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1298
Shupp is a spacter. Radtke is a cluker. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Burnside is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lema is a dymer. At the gallery opening event, Burnside, Lema, Shupp, and Radtke started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1299
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mounts is an intensier. Noguera is a mornisdeiver. Huitt is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Conwell is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the food court, Mounts, Conwell, Huitt, and Noguera ran into each other. The place was crowded. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1300
Arguello is a turper. Yepes is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Soohoo is a motaswer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lisenby is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the power yoga class, Soohoo, Lisenby, Yepes, and Arguello ran into each other. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1301
Isler is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mclarty is a cluker. Metzler is a pinwer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Loop is a wenbumber. At the job fair, Isler, Metzler, Loop, and Mclarty met. A large number of people attend these events. They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1302
Daye is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Brokaw is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Wilt is an ointer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Beland is a dymer. At the food co-op, Daye, Brokaw, Beland, and Wilt met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1303
Samuelson is a dymer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sperling is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Carraway is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Telles is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the museum, Sperling, Carraway, Telles, and Samuelson met. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1304
Dahlberg is a jogunder. Darley is a jesher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Crean is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Upchurch is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the archery class, Crean, Dahlberg, Darley, and Upchurch met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. They reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1305
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Meacham is a quarancer. Conteh is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ince is a spacter. Voorhees is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Meacham, Voorhees, Ince, and Conteh met at the cigar bar. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1306
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Easterday is a jesher. Shake is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Yonker is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Odle is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the food court, Easterday, Yonker, Odle, and Shake ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1307
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Neighbors is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Harnish is a mornisdeiver. Cyr is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lasky is a jesher. At the museum, Neighbors, Lasky, Cyr, and Harnish ran into each other. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1308
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Ainsworth is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Rieck is a quarancer. Vivar is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Poisson is a gladiower. At the garden, Ainsworth, Poisson, Rieck, and Vivar ran into each other. The park is super crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1309
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sudol is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Caldera is an ointer. Bejar is a turper. Roe is a motaswer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the subway, Roe, Bejar, Sudol, and Caldera ran into each other. The public buses are comfortable to ride. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1310
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Brandel is a motaswer. Artz is a turper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Roller is a gladiower. Baham is a patalcer. At the high intensity class, Brandel, Roller, Baham, and Artz connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1311
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Shinkle is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Lovato is a patalcer. Bolander is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gurrola is a fangher. At the job fair, Lovato, Gurrola, Bolander, and Shinkle met. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1312
Wiltshire is a spacter. Arant is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Staten is a quarancer. Stambaugh is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the restaurant, Staten, Stambaugh, Arant, and Wiltshire connected. It is a cool place to hang out. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1313
Cunningham is a motaswer. Zuckerman is an ointer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Barringer is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Boney is an onner. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the party, Barringer, Cunningham, Boney, and Zuckerman met. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1314
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Chino is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hession is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Yingling is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dittrich is a mornisdeiver. At the volunteer organization meet, Yingling, Hession, Chino, and Dittrich ran into each other. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1315
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kinkel is an ointer. Baptist is a ceeper. Peasley is an onner. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rizzo is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Peasley, Rizzo, Baptist, and Kinkel met at the archery class. Classes are well organized. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1316
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Holzman is a pinwer. Westerman is an ointer. Carmona is a cluker. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lollar is a dymer. Lollar, Westerman, Carmona, and Holzman met at the club. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1317
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Yonker is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Tingle is a jogunder. Carmean is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Nelms is a gladiower. At the car show, Carmean, Nelms, Tingle, and Yonker connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1318
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Craighead is a cluker. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Genovese is an ointer. Gerst is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Suzuki is a spacter. Suzuki, Craighead, Genovese, and Gerst met at the specialty retail store. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1319
Spradling is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Girton is a turper. Ferber is an intensier. Murchison is a dymer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the archery class, Girton, Murchison, Spradling, and Ferber met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. Ze reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1320
Choi is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Huntoon is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Rooks is a patalcer. Craighead is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Choi, Rooks, Huntoon, and Craighead met at the club. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1321
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Quirarte is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Keech is a quarancer. Reising is a turper. Lamarca is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the comic book expo, Lamarca, Reising, Quirarte, and Keech ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1322
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Almendarez is an ointer. Birmingham is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Adkins is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Agrawal is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the restaurant, Almendarez, Agrawal, Birmingham, and Adkins ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1323
Overly is a turper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Battiste is a pinwer. Stitt is an onner. Belden is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Overly, Battiste, Stitt, and Belden met at the comic book expo. The event is free and open to all people. They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1324
Munsell is a spacter. Hand is an oterer. Forbes is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Carlock is an ointer. At the car show, Forbes, Hand, Carlock, and Munsell met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1325
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Parsley is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Brust is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hom is a gladiower. Kopacz is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the gallery, Brust, Kopacz, Hom, and Parsley met. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1326
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Arbogast is a jogunder. Carollo is a ceeper. Tindal is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Curtsinger is a gladiower. At the public transport, Arbogast, Carollo, Curtsinger, and Tindal started a conversation. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1327
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Alaimo is a wenbumber. Moring is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Braithwaite is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Barringer is a fangher. At the commuter bus, Alaimo, Barringer, Braithwaite, and Moring started a conversation. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1328
Bondy is a motaswer. Nesbitt is a wenbumber. Lagrone is an onner. Benner is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the subway, Lagrone, Benner, Bondy, and Nesbitt met. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1329
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Risk is a spacter. Aguila is a gladiower. Bratton is a pinwer. Highfill is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the garden, Highfill, Aguila, Risk, and Bratton met. The dogs here are lovely. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1330
Frailey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Chon is a spacter. Kreps is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Orourke is a gladiower. At the communal dining restaurant, Frailey, Orourke, Chon, and Kreps started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1331
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mayen is a cluker. Pettigrew is a patalcer. Steiner is a turper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pizzo is a pinwer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the partner dancing classes, Steiner, Pizzo, Mayen, and Pettigrew connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1332
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Schmucker is a fangher. Struthers is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Ferebee is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Tetrault is an orgemier. At the boardwalk arcade, Tetrault, Struthers, Schmucker, and Ferebee ran into each other. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1333
Cargile is a jogunder. Dent is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Button is an intensier. Eversole is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the food and drink festival, Button, Cargile, Eversole, and Dent started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1334
Cacho is a jesher. Lippman is a jogunder. Packard is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Waltz is a ceeper. At the museum, Cacho, Lippman, Packard, and Waltz met. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1335
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cornette is an oterer. Seybold is a ceeper. Mull is a dymer. Laguna is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the gallery, Seybold, Mull, Cornette, and Laguna met. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1336
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fava is a patalcer. Shunk is a spacter. Qi is a jogunder. Reel is an intensier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the job fair, Qi, Fava, Reel, and Shunk ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1337
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hunsinger is a ceeper. Urbanski is a quarancer. Sears is a gladiower. Batty is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the specialty retail store, Urbanski, Batty, Sears, and Hunsinger started a conversation. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1338
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Briseno is a spacter. Kravitz is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Wiseman is an orgemier. Ankney is an ointer. At the club, Wiseman, Ankney, Briseno, and Kravitz started a conversation. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1339
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Chouinard is a ceeper. Carbaugh is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Baldino is a turper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Fudge is an intensier. At the gallery opening event, Carbaugh, Chouinard, Fudge, and Baldino started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1340
Bartee is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cancel is a gladiower. Ziolkowski is an intensier. Santee is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the archery class, Bartee, Cancel, Ziolkowski, and Santee ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1341
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Joubert is a pinwer. Yamamoto is a jesher. Mcavoy is a motaswer. Declue is a fangher. At the specialty retail store, Yamamoto, Declue, Joubert, and Mcavoy started a conversation. The market is open to all genders and ages. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1342
Garris is an orgemier. Pettigrew is a spacter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sugar is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Block is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the partner dancing classes, Garris, Pettigrew, Sugar, and Block started a conversation. The class has interesting sessions. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1343
Heberling is a ceeper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fear is a fangher. Kovac is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Brendle is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the rideshare, Fear, Heberling, Brendle, and Kovac ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1344
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Pittman is a patalcer. Clouser is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Leveque is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Hollinger is a jesher. At the school reunion, Hollinger, Pittman, Clouser, and Leveque ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ey reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1345
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Metoyer is an oterer. Wolfer is a fangher. Hom is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lerma is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the comic book expo, Metoyer, Wolfer, Hom, and Lerma met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1346
Schley is a jesher. Worsham is a ceeper. Peaslee is a quarancer. Duren is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity car wash, Schley, Duren, Peaslee, and Worsham met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1347
Foor is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Jepson is an ointer. Gathright is an oterer. Panek is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the archery class, Panek, Gathright, Foor, and Jepson met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1348
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Wiltshire is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Brann is a wenbumber. Stalder is a mornisdeiver. Macmillan is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the cigar bar, Macmillan, Brann, Stalder, and Wiltshire ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1349
Faul is an oterer. Samuelson is a spacter. Fain is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hopson is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the specialty retail store, Faul, Hopson, Fain, and Samuelson ran into each other. The market is a big source of income for many people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1350
Shoemaker is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hattaway is a spacter. Huntoon is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mcpartland is a wenbumber. At the club, Shoemaker, Huntoon, Mcpartland, and Hattaway ran into each other. The place is nice. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1351
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lafountain is a quarancer. Minich is a ceeper. Bak is a dymer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Behm is an ointer. At the bus station, Lafountain, Minich, Bak, and Behm met. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1352
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Goudeau is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kauffman is an orgemier. Randles is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Sansom is a spacter. At the paintball courses, Sansom, Randles, Kauffman, and Goudeau ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1353
Gilstrap is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Sweeting is an orgemier. Pino is a quarancer. Dabrowski is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the gallery opening event, Gilstrap, Dabrowski, Sweeting, and Pino started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1354
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Stover is a wenbumber. Early is a quarancer. Beland is a turper. Linnell is an oterer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the specialty retail store, Beland, Stover, Linnell, and Early met. Markets are usually crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1355
Reimers is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Poteat is a patalcer. Marr is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Swindle is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Reimers, Swindle, Marr, and Poteat met at the power yoga class. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1356
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Sarro is a quarancer. Leffel is a turper. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gallant is a wenbumber. Guerriero is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the job fair, Guerriero, Sarro, Leffel, and Gallant connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1357
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Richins is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Zych is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Carmean is a jesher. Spoon is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the networking event, Carmean, Richins, Zych, and Spoon connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1358
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mousseau is an oterer. Hesser is a patalcer. Kight is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Nesbitt is a cluker. At the museum, Nesbitt, Hesser, Kight, and Mousseau connected. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1359
Rossignol is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Tolle is a jesher. Chino is a patalcer. Stalter is a cluker. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the car show, Rossignol, Stalter, Tolle, and Chino started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1360
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Chon is a dymer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Laursen is a quarancer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rezendes is a jesher. Shryock is a cluker. Shryock, Laursen, Chon, and Rezendes met at the comic book expo. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1361
Mcbeth is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Popescu is a quarancer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Jeanbaptiste is a fangher. Bradburn is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the specialty retail store, Popescu, Bradburn, Mcbeth, and Jeanbaptiste ran into each other. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1362
Murchison is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Wah is a ceeper. Guilmette is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Vansant is a jogunder. At the restaurant, Wah, Guilmette, Murchison, and Vansant connected. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1363
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ickes is a turper. Tinnin is a gladiower. Honig is a ceeper. Stanberry is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the improvisation class, Stanberry, Honig, Ickes, and Tinnin started a conversation. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1364
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Latimore is a patalcer. Castillo is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Meece is a dymer. Talarico is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the market, Talarico, Meece, Castillo, and Latimore ran into each other. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1365
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Pettigrew is an orgemier. Moldenhauer is a pinwer. Tisdale is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Gong is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the communal dining restaurant, Pettigrew, Moldenhauer, Tisdale, and Gong met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1366
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Teixeira is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Bostrom is a pinwer. Fluellen is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Weisner is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the club, Fluellen, Weisner, Bostrom, and Teixeira ran into each other. The food here is very tasty. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1367
Figueredo is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Beamer is an orgemier. Camilleri is a motaswer. Purifoy is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the volunteer work, Figueredo, Purifoy, Beamer, and Camilleri started a conversation. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. They told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1368
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bazaldua is a fangher. Molina is an ointer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Espindola is a turper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kitson is an onner. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Espindola, Bazaldua, Molina, and Kitson met at the park. The park is super crowded. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1369
Morano is an orgemier. Hoke is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Shields is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Alles is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the theater festival, Alles, Shields, Hoke, and Morano connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1370
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Gallardo is a ceeper. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Loughlin is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gadberry is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Grissom is a wenbumber. At the specialty retail store, Gallardo, Loughlin, Grissom, and Gadberry ran into each other. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1371
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hartzler is a jesher. Batz is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Silverberg is a cluker. Weir is a pinwer. Hartzler, Weir, Silverberg, and Batz met at the archery class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1372
Chabot is a gladiower. Arena is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Quackenbush is a turper. Mcchesney is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the partner dancing classes, Chabot, Quackenbush, Arena, and Mcchesney started a conversation. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1373
Kober is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mccampbell is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Fischbach is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bruton is a fangher. At the gallery, Mccampbell, Fischbach, Kober, and Bruton connected. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1374
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Purvis is a mornisdeiver. Hudak is a gladiower. Parson is a turper. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Faria is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the charity car wash, Purvis, Hudak, Parson, and Faria met. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1375
Kopf is a patalcer. Tardiff is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Glaspie is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kea is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the gallery opening event, Glaspie, Tardiff, Kopf, and Kea ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1376
Westerman is an orgemier. Peguero is a pinwer. Serrato is a ceeper. Finke is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the high intensity class, Peguero, Westerman, Finke, and Serrato connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1377
Vandam is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Pane is an orgemier. Bartelt is a dymer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Weintraub is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the food co-op, Bartelt, Pane, Vandam, and Weintraub connected. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. Ze reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1378
Berwick is a gladiower. Mcglothlin is an onner. Labarre is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Hickman is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the theater festival, Berwick, Hickman, Mcglothlin, and Labarre connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1379
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Brame is a gladiower. Ells is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mook is a motaswer. Bejar is an onner. At the public transport, Mook, Ells, Bejar, and Brame met. Public transports are easy to find. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1380
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Barbour is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Farrow is a patalcer. Sandifer is a jogunder. Esparza is an ointer. At the volunteer work, Esparza, Barbour, Sandifer, and Farrow met. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1381
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Newport is a patalcer. Stroble is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Gokey is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chamness is a gladiower. Stroble, Chamness, Newport, and Gokey met at the volunteer organization meet. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1382
Cieslak is a mornisdeiver. Mallari is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Panella is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Swim is a fangher. At the club, Swim, Panella, Mallari, and Cieslak connected. The beer is excellent. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1383
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Grounds is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sandoval is a cluker. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Fine is an orgemier. Auclair is a turper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the specialty retail store, Grounds, Fine, Sandoval, and Auclair started a conversation. Markets are full of surprises! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1384
Filkins is a fangher. Silber is an intensier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lauer is a turper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Strauser is a jogunder. At the cigar bar, Lauer, Silber, Strauser, and Filkins connected. The atmosphere was nice. They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1385
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chartier is an onner. Hunsaker is a turper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wick is an oterer. Hulse is a wenbumber. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the gallery opening event, Hulse, Wick, Chartier, and Hunsaker met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1386
Pearlman is an intensier. Kennett is a wenbumber. Pierro is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Awad is a gladiower. At the party, Awad, Kennett, Pearlman, and Pierro met. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1387
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Rosenzweig is a dymer. Inglis is an intensier. Bedwell is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kopf is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bedwell, Kopf, Inglis, and Rosenzweig met at the group vacation. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1388
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Skelly is an oterer. Simpson is a patalcer. Brodersen is a turper. Verma is a motaswer. At the charity car wash, Skelly, Brodersen, Simpson, and Verma met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1389
Bond is a patalcer. Mccluskey is an onner. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Salva is a fangher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bast is a dymer. At the networking event, Salva, Bast, Bond, and Mccluskey started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1390
Yim is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Waldrup is a turper. Albrecht is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Zaldivar is a jogunder. Yim, Zaldivar, Albrecht, and Waldrup met at the food co-op. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1391
Ackermann is a wenbumber. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sienkiewicz is an intensier. Pack is a quarancer. Beland is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the commuter bus, Pack, Beland, Sienkiewicz, and Ackermann ran into each other. The public transports are public. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1392
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Homan is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fey is a cluker. Wimberley is a mornisdeiver. Drews is a spacter. At the partner dancing classes, Drews, Wimberley, Homan, and Fey started a conversation. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1393
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Lauver is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Funke is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pane is a motaswer. Rivard is an oterer. At the specialty retail store, Pane, Funke, Rivard, and Lauver met. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1394
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Witty is a ceeper. Ugarte is a mornisdeiver. Tijerina is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Terrazas is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the school reunion, Tijerina, Ugarte, Terrazas, and Witty met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1395
Alkire is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Seltzer is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Folse is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Zhang is an oterer. At the partner dancing classes, Alkire, Zhang, Seltzer, and Folse started a conversation. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1396
Bale is an intensier. Secrest is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schiavo is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pfeffer is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the rideshare, Schiavo, Pfeffer, Secrest, and Bale connected. The public buses are comfortable to ride. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1397
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Hebb is a motaswer. Drane is a patalcer. Mcfarlin is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Gallop is a ceeper. At the gallery, Hebb, Mcfarlin, Drane, and Gallop met. Museums are great places to learn about culture. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1398
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Roller is a ceeper. Rish is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bock is a gladiower. Carrara is a jogunder. At the improvisation class, Rish, Bock, Roller, and Carrara ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1399
Arauz is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Foutch is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Croker is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Hallberg is a jogunder. At the theater festival, Croker, Hallberg, Foutch, and Arauz connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1400
Schroyer is an ointer. Grieco is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Borja is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bollman is a turper. Schroyer, Bollman, Borja, and Grieco met at the communal dining restaurant. The food here is very tasty. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1401
Robie is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Marcano is a wenbumber. Easterling is a jogunder. Stpierre is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Robie, Marcano, Easterling, and Stpierre met at the museum. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1402
Meche is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Babineaux is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bradbury is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Tincher is a pinwer. At the museum, Babineaux, Bradbury, Tincher, and Meche ran into each other. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1403
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sahota is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Borntreger is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Parkin is an oterer. Lemos is a turper. At the partner dancing classes, Lemos, Sahota, Borntreger, and Parkin met. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1404
Riggleman is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pfaff is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Finke is an orgemier. Loop is a mornisdeiver. At the high intensity class, Loop, Finke, Riggleman, and Pfaff started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1405
Haught is a motaswer. Parrott is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Naik is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kos is a patalcer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the public transport, Naik, Kos, Parrott, and Haught started a conversation. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1406
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mazzone is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tinkham is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Rosenberg is a jogunder. Broadnax is a turper. At the garden, Broadnax, Tinkham, Mazzone, and Rosenberg connected. The park has a park toilet as well! She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1407
Schlemmer is an onner. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Neuman is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mcadoo is a spacter. Harder is a fangher. At the bus station, Mcadoo, Neuman, Schlemmer, and Harder met. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1408
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Winland is a ceeper. Pfister is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Dyke is a jogunder. Gurrola is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the park, Dyke, Gurrola, Pfister, and Winland met. The picnic line is very short in this park. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1409
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Manchester is a motaswer. Buchan is a quarancer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Philpott is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Kleinman is a wenbumber. At the restaurant, Buchan, Manchester, Kleinman, and Philpott started a conversation. The coffee tea is great. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1410
Reising is a cluker. Dunagan is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Furey is an onner. Mazzeo is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the park, Dunagan, Mazzeo, Furey, and Reising connected. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1411
Ridgley is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Christopherson is a mornisdeiver. Mccarthy is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Guzik is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the commuter bus, Ridgley, Guzik, Christopherson, and Mccarthy started a conversation. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1412
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mcgarvey is a wenbumber. Maes is an onner. Cacho is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schoen is a cluker. At the commuter bus, Cacho, Mcgarvey, Maes, and Schoen met. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1413
Giffin is an onner. Banes is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lao is a quarancer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Feldmann is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the public transport, Giffin, Banes, Lao, and Feldmann met. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1414
Mcdonough is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hammond is a fangher. Nickols is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nehls is a quarancer. Nehls, Mcdonough, Hammond, and Nickols met at the party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1415
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ritenour is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ard is an orgemier. Marton is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Esparza is an intensier. At the public transport, Marton, Esparza, Ritenour, and Ard met. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1416
Kobayashi is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Weinstein is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fleischman is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Luu is a dymer. At the paintball courses, Weinstein, Luu, Fleischman, and Kobayashi connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1417
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Waldrup is an onner. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bahl is an oterer. Kershner is a motaswer. Timmons is a jesher. Timmons, Bahl, Kershner, and Waldrup met at the club. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1418
Alaimo is a ceeper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Simonson is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bazemore is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Simien is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the specialty retail store, Alaimo, Simien, Bazemore, and Simonson started a conversation. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1419
Hagopian is a turper. Mcwhirter is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fodor is an onner. Retherford is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the subway, Retherford, Hagopian, Mcwhirter, and Fodor ran into each other. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1420
Buske is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mcphail is an ointer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Guadarrama is a motaswer. Schaaf is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the archery class, Mcphail, Schaaf, Guadarrama, and Buske connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1421
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bach is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Ferrin is a spacter. Stagg is a jesher. Novoa is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the bus station, Novoa, Stagg, Bach, and Ferrin started a conversation. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1422
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Just is a motaswer. Wakeman is a cluker. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Steiner is a jesher. Likens is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the volunteer work, Likens, Just, Wakeman, and Steiner started a conversation. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1423
Goldman is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rustad is an onner. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lamotte is a quarancer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Balser is a mornisdeiver. At the car show, Rustad, Balser, Lamotte, and Goldman ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1424
Lewandowski is an intensier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Cluff is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vankirk is a pinwer. Witcher is a fangher. At the power yoga class, Cluff, Vankirk, Witcher, and Lewandowski connected. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1425
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wiltz is a cluker. Beaman is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Trull is a pinwer. Lujano is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the gallery, Beaman, Lujano, Wiltz, and Trull met. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1426
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Joly is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Drown is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Davalos is a fangher. Norcross is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the gallery, Drown, Davalos, Norcross, and Joly ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1427
Peirce is an orgemier. Sowder is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Couturier is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Goodlow is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the partner dancing classes, Peirce, Sowder, Goodlow, and Couturier connected. Classes are well organized. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1428
Mosier is an ointer. Mcdonough is a gladiower. Cordova is a wenbumber. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bruder is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cordova, Mcdonough, Mosier, and Bruder met at the food and drink festival. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1429
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mirabal is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Haddad is a jesher. Finkelstein is an intensier. Otey is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the volunteer organization meet, Haddad, Finkelstein, Mirabal, and Otey connected. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1430
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Mease is a jogunder. Lange is a fangher. Watlington is a gladiower. Dearth is an intensier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the cigar bar, Lange, Mease, Dearth, and Watlington ran into each other. The food here is very tasty. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1431
Despain is a jogunder. Hein is a motaswer. Brazeal is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cornett is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the gallery opening event, Hein, Cornett, Brazeal, and Despain started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1432
Valdivia is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Garmon is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Lowenstein is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Chipps is an ointer. At the volunteer organization meet, Valdivia, Lowenstein, Chipps, and Garmon met. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1433
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Lucatero is a spacter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Corea is a patalcer. Mcgarvey is a motaswer. Leger is an oterer. At the volunteer organization meet, Lucatero, Leger, Mcgarvey, and Corea started a conversation. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1434
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Niehaus is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Spoon is a motaswer. Rauch is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gilstrap is an onner. Spoon, Niehaus, Gilstrap, and Rauch met at the cigar bar. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1435
Nagy is an onner. Foor is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Simien is a ceeper. Doby is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the cigar bar, Doby, Nagy, Foor, and Simien started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1436
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Donoho is a turper. Weakley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dowd is a cluker. Mcquay is a jesher. At the job fair, Mcquay, Dowd, Weakley, and Donoho connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1437
Colligan is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Knapik is a ceeper. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Chatfield is a spacter. Buse is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the communal dining restaurant, Chatfield, Buse, Knapik, and Colligan started a conversation. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1438
Laferriere is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Hoerner is a quarancer. Gargiulo is an intensier. Castellanos is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the charity car wash, Hoerner, Castellanos, Laferriere, and Gargiulo ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1439
Kauffman is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mchenry is a spacter. Matula is a mornisdeiver. Bradbury is an onner. At the group vacation, Matula, Kauffman, Bradbury, and Mchenry ran into each other. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1440
Reta is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ackley is an oterer. Raju is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nuss is a turper. Ackley, Nuss, Reta, and Raju met at the theater festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1441
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Malpass is a cluker. Koop is a fangher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sabala is an intensier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Simkins is a motaswer. At the garden, Simkins, Sabala, Malpass, and Koop ran into each other. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1442
Rakowski is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Fleeman is a turper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Herlihy is a fangher. Turnipseed is an intensier. Turnipseed, Herlihy, Rakowski, and Fleeman met at the cigar bar. The atmosphere was nice. Ze reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1443
Prude is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Brodersen is a patalcer. Mares is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Okelley is a jogunder. At the park, Prude, Brodersen, Mares, and Okelley met. The park looks nice. He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1444
Bicknell is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Adhikari is a jogunder. Kunze is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Albury is an oterer. Bicknell, Kunze, Adhikari, and Albury met at the archery class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1445
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Bacher is a gladiower. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Westbrook is a mornisdeiver. Sumlin is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Moak is an onner. At the partner dancing classes, Moak, Bacher, Sumlin, and Westbrook started a conversation. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1446
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Griebel is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Hammonds is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Nuss is a jesher. Gant is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the volunteer organization meet, Hammonds, Griebel, Nuss, and Gant connected. Please contact the organization during working hours to discuss the volunteering options. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1447
Sweeting is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fifield is a motaswer. Budzinski is a wenbumber. Marable is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the restaurant, Budzinski, Fifield, Marable, and Sweeting ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1448
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Gagner is a motaswer. Piotrowski is a patalcer. Ammerman is an onner. Riccio is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the volunteer organization meet, Piotrowski, Riccio, Ammerman, and Gagner connected. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1449
Steck is a jogunder. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Clemmer is a fangher. Hillman is a jesher. Penna is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the rideshare, Clemmer, Steck, Penna, and Hillman ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1450
Beem is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Napier is a turper. Loaiza is an ointer. Spurr is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Spurr, Loaiza, Beem, and Napier met at the food and drink festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1451
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Ebling is an oterer. Lindner is an orgemier. Budd is a wenbumber. Mcnary is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the job fair, Ebling, Lindner, Mcnary, and Budd ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1452
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schley is an oterer. Dupont is a motaswer. Guymon is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mcgovern is a gladiower. At the high intensity class, Mcgovern, Guymon, Schley, and Dupont started a conversation. It's a huge place! She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1453
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Laguna is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Frailey is an oterer. Galeano is a spacter. Salamone is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the restaurant, Laguna, Salamone, Galeano, and Frailey started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1454
Hammitt is a jesher. Werts is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Bruening is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Straub is an orgemier. At the networking event, Werts, Bruening, Hammitt, and Straub met. A large number of people attend these events. They reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1455
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mullin is an orgemier. Rishel is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Escandon is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Litz is a dymer. At the garden, Rishel, Escandon, Litz, and Mullin connected. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1456
Delong is a fangher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mullinix is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Grissom is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brune is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the museum, Delong, Mullinix, Brune, and Grissom started a conversation. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1457
Merriam is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Newport is a patalcer. Drane is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Heater is a cluker. Merriam, Newport, Heater, and Drane met at the gallery. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1458
Bouma is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cheeks is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Breitenstein is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Sayre is a ceeper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the communal dining restaurant, Breitenstein, Bouma, Sayre, and Cheeks started a conversation. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1459
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Luu is an onner. Gallagher is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Crater is a motaswer. Kauffman is a jesher. Crater, Gallagher, Kauffman, and Luu met at the boardwalk arcade. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. Ey told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1460
Hammitt is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dietrick is an intensier. Pender is an ointer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Hutt is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the park, Hutt, Dietrick, Pender, and Hammitt ran into each other. The dogs that play here are super cute. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1461
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Andino is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Nakamoto is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcdow is a motaswer. Hulsey is a ceeper. At the restaurant, Andino, Hulsey, Mcdow, and Nakamoto connected. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1462
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Barratt is a gladiower. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Welcher is a dymer. Hegarty is a wenbumber. Zabel is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Barratt, Zabel, Hegarty, and Welcher met at the power yoga class. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1463
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Steffy is a jogunder. Barras is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Michalowski is a ceeper. Schroeder is a jesher. At the club, Michalowski, Steffy, Barras, and Schroeder met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1464
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Magallanes is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Parshall is a fangher. Hawkinson is a gladiower. Valera is a jogunder. At the archery class, Valera, Parshall, Hawkinson, and Magallanes met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1465
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pritt is an intensier. Heal is a dymer. Cottman is an onner. Campo is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the market, Campo, Pritt, Cottman, and Heal connected. Markets are full of surprises! She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1466
Munden is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Jankowski is a fangher. Fells is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Swim is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the volunteer work, Swim, Fells, Jankowski, and Munden connected. Please contact the organization during working hours to discuss the volunteering options. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1467
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Marr is a fangher. Ahl is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Jeffs is an oterer. Roye is an onner. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Ahl, Roye, Marr, and Jeffs ran into each other. The games are a lot of fun. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1468
Otoole is a gladiower. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Klink is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pedersen is a fangher. Pang is a spacter. Klink, Pedersen, Pang, and Otoole met at the communal dining restaurant. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1469
Saltzman is a turper. Dewolf is an onner. Satchell is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Jankowski is a cluker. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the food and drink festival, Saltzman, Jankowski, Satchell, and Dewolf connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1470
Ayer is a gladiower. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Jonson is a ceeper. Bonomo is a jesher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Durgin is an intensier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the charity car wash, Jonson, Durgin, Bonomo, and Ayer met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1471
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Maberry is a turper. Stubblefield is a spacter. Griggs is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Magallanes is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the charity car wash, Stubblefield, Maberry, Griggs, and Magallanes met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1472
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Rettig is a turper. Puerto is an orgemier. Makris is a mornisdeiver. Marlatt is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Makris, Marlatt, Rettig, and Puerto met at the market. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1473
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ballenger is a pinwer. Gothard is an oterer. Traub is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rizzi is a cluker. At the power yoga class, Gothard, Traub, Rizzi, and Ballenger met. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1474
Cao is an orgemier. Paylor is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Turk is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lobb is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the job fair, Paylor, Lobb, Cao, and Turk connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1475
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Demaio is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Gabor is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lembo is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Chewning is a patalcer. Gabor, Lembo, Demaio, and Chewning met at the market. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1476
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Frisk is a fangher. Burkes is a jogunder. Grounds is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Dibella is a gladiower. At the volunteer work, Grounds, Frisk, Burkes, and Dibella connected. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1477
Red is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Castellanos is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Luevano is a patalcer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fifield is a cluker. At the food co-op, Castellanos, Luevano, Fifield, and Red started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1478
Cendejas is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Scanlon is a gladiower. Lizotte is a quarancer. Hafer is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the park, Scanlon, Cendejas, Lizotte, and Hafer connected. The park is very green and refreshing. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1479
Dombroski is an orgemier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Rittenhouse is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Clouser is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Shope is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the volunteer work, Dombroski, Rittenhouse, Clouser, and Shope connected. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1480
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Toner is a dymer. Orvis is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Dacosta is a ceeper. Casale is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the museum, Toner, Orvis, Casale, and Dacosta connected. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1481
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Spellman is an orgemier. Jellison is a patalcer. Casale is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mcnatt is a ceeper. At the public transport, Jellison, Spellman, Mcnatt, and Casale connected. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1482
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Dedios is a cluker. Houchin is a spacter. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Getz is a ceeper. Bekele is an ointer. At the subway, Dedios, Bekele, Houchin, and Getz met. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1483
Hone is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Simien is an intensier. Malpass is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Barbour is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the rideshare, Malpass, Simien, Hone, and Barbour connected. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1484
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Morrissette is a cluker. Brackin is a dymer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Laffey is an ointer. Shih is an oterer. Laffey, Brackin, Morrissette, and Shih met at the networking event. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1485
Mounts is an ointer. Arevalo is an intensier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stalder is a cluker. Heisler is a motaswer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the theater festival, Arevalo, Stalder, Heisler, and Mounts started a conversation. The event is still underway. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1486
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Barstow is a jesher. Henninger is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Fuqua is an orgemier. Matter is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the public transport, Barstow, Fuqua, Matter, and Henninger started a conversation. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1487
Mckown is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Badillo is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Becerra is an intensier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Tourville is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the job fair, Mckown, Tourville, Becerra, and Badillo started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1488
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hensler is an intensier. Quiroz is a ceeper. Hanshaw is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Gafford is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the power yoga class, Gafford, Quiroz, Hensler, and Hanshaw started a conversation. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1489
Mckeithan is an intensier. Gow is a turper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Stuckey is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Spengler is a mornisdeiver. At the specialty retail store, Stuckey, Mckeithan, Spengler, and Gow started a conversation. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1490
Neher is a spacter. Held is an ointer. Pitcock is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Oliveira is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the job fair, Held, Pitcock, Neher, and Oliveira connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1491
Widener is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vento is an oterer. Naranjo is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Galeano is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the cigar bar, Galeano, Naranjo, Vento, and Widener ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1492
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lefkowitz is a jogunder. Freitas is a gladiower. Santucci is a cluker. Karch is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the theater festival, Freitas, Lefkowitz, Santucci, and Karch connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1493
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Sethi is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Haight is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Plaster is an ointer. Galeano is a gladiower. Haight, Plaster, Galeano, and Sethi met at the museum. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1494
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Flaherty is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cheeks is an onner. Speck is an ointer. Tolar is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the commuter bus, Speck, Cheeks, Flaherty, and Tolar connected. Public transports are easy to find. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1495
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Nehring is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Plancarte is an intensier. Cancino is a mornisdeiver. Damore is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the networking event, Cancino, Nehring, Plancarte, and Damore started a conversation. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1496
Altman is a fangher. Warwick is a cluker. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bach is an onner. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mclarty is a spacter. At the networking event, Mclarty, Warwick, Altman, and Bach started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1497
Warne is a jogunder. Hudak is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Salamone is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Yamamoto is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Warne, Yamamoto, Salamone, and Hudak met at the gallery opening event. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1498
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Marquina is a dymer. Burt is a jogunder. Giannone is a gladiower. Wildman is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the group vacation, Wildman, Giannone, Marquina, and Burt connected. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1499
Engelbrecht is a jogunder. Rayas is a pinwer. Godbout is an oterer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cusack is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the commuter bus, Godbout, Engelbrecht, Rayas, and Cusack ran into each other. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1500
Kliewer is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Oday is a quarancer. Calhoon is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Koster is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the boardwalk arcade, Kliewer, Oday, Koster, and Calhoon connected. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1501
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Pettus is an onner. Knowles is a gladiower. Flock is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bloss is an intensier. Pettus, Knowles, Bloss, and Flock met at the power yoga class. A yoga class helps live a happier life. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1502
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Bergstrom is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Blackmon is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bolles is an ointer. Defeo is a gladiower. At the job fair, Blackmon, Bergstrom, Bolles, and Defeo connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1503
Schuller is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Morningstar is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Chavis is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Olivar is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the partner dancing classes, Olivar, Schuller, Chavis, and Morningstar ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1504
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Losee is an oterer. Hernandez is a spacter. Fitzwater is a dymer. Calcagno is an orgemier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fitzwater, Calcagno, Hernandez, and Losee met at the subway. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1505
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Barajas is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Fleetwood is an oterer. Krum is a mornisdeiver. Gatica is a dymer. Krum, Fleetwood, Gatica, and Barajas met at the partner dancing classes. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1506
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sine is a gladiower. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Piner is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Stecker is a mornisdeiver. Peppers is an intensier. At the food co-op, Piner, Stecker, Peppers, and Sine connected. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1507
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Wareham is an oterer. Turbeville is an ointer. Lepper is a fangher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Larocque is an onner. At the park, Turbeville, Larocque, Lepper, and Wareham ran into each other. The park has many plants and flowers. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1508
Borba is a patalcer. Reiser is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Hui is a turper. Ostrander is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the gallery opening event, Reiser, Borba, Ostrander, and Hui ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1509
Babineau is an onner. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lamarca is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Legault is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Woodcock is a pinwer. At the specialty retail store, Woodcock, Legault, Lamarca, and Babineau met. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1510
Houck is a ceeper. Wing is a wenbumber. Dew is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Allende is an ointer. Houck, Allende, Wing, and Dew met at the improvisation class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! Ey told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1511
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Leffel is a pinwer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Upchurch is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Koop is a jesher. Rayborn is a mornisdeiver. Leffel, Koop, Upchurch, and Rayborn met at the gallery. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1512
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Serrato is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Freed is a wenbumber. Hockensmith is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Boggs is a ceeper. Boggs, Hockensmith, Freed, and Serrato met at the charity car wash. The event is free and open to all people. Ey told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1513
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Heier is a wenbumber. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Barth is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Talarico is a cluker. Dasilva is a quarancer. At the bus station, Talarico, Heier, Barth, and Dasilva met. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1514
Ainsworth is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Houseman is a turper. Hail is a motaswer. Leaf is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Houseman, Leaf, Hail, and Ainsworth met at the comic book expo. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1515
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Tester is a motaswer. Lightner is a wenbumber. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Bieber is an orgemier. Condon is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the gallery opening event, Bieber, Tester, Condon, and Lightner connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1516
Reta is a wenbumber. Popov is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Retherford is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hoffpauir is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Retherford, Hoffpauir, Reta, and Popov met at the restaurant. The place is nice. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1517
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Usry is a quarancer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bornstein is a jogunder. Casagrande is an onner. Krogh is a pinwer. At the high intensity class, Bornstein, Krogh, Usry, and Casagrande connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1518
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Niesen is a motaswer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Diggs is a pinwer. Malhotra is an onner. Marson is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the gallery opening event, Malhotra, Diggs, Marson, and Niesen met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1519
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Sabatini is an orgemier. Ahl is a ceeper. Tolan is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Bakker is a jogunder. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Ahl, Bakker, Tolan, and Sabatini met at the bus station. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1520
Chitty is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Stauber is a mornisdeiver. Lefkowitz is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Stampley is a wenbumber. At the group vacation, Lefkowitz, Chitty, Stauber, and Stampley connected. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1521
Cundiff is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Vannoy is an oterer. Ferebee is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lathrop is a wenbumber. At the party, Lathrop, Ferebee, Vannoy, and Cundiff met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1522
Oles is a ceeper. Clevenger is a spacter. Dallman is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Eiler is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the volunteer work, Clevenger, Dallman, Eiler, and Oles met. Volunteering will bring confidence. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1523
Kuebler is a motaswer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Luttrell is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Shumway is a dymer. Stow is a quarancer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kuebler, Luttrell, Shumway, and Stow met at the market. Markets are full of surprises! He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1524
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Htoo is a cluker. Obanion is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Roebuck is a turper. Dedios is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Roebuck, Htoo, Dedios, and Obanion met at the club. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1525
Laursen is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hodson is an oterer. Teixeira is a quarancer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Caracciolo is a turper. At the food and drink festival, Teixeira, Hodson, Laursen, and Caracciolo ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1526
Falcone is a spacter. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lolley is a quarancer. Piatt is an onner. Sternberg is a mornisdeiver. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the club, Falcone, Sternberg, Piatt, and Lolley started a conversation. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1527
Orosz is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Easterday is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kincer is a spacter. Sherrick is a mornisdeiver. Kincer, Easterday, Sherrick, and Orosz met at the paintball courses. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1528
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cutshall is a jesher. Trainer is an orgemier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Guilliams is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Coss is a turper. Coss, Guilliams, Trainer, and Cutshall met at the market. The market is a big source of income for many people. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1529
Bigler is a pinwer. Vowell is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fenn is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gallant is a patalcer. At the communal dining restaurant, Vowell, Fenn, Gallant, and Bigler ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1530
Coldwell is a patalcer. Puleo is a dymer. Hartig is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Giberson is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the power yoga class, Giberson, Hartig, Coldwell, and Puleo met. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1531
Sneed is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ammerman is a fangher. Wohl is a jogunder. Busse is a motaswer. At the improvisation class, Sneed, Wohl, Busse, and Ammerman met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1532
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Preuss is an ointer. Newport is a jogunder. Birmingham is a pinwer. Guynn is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Birmingham, Newport, Guynn, and Preuss met at the park. The park has a park toilet as well! He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1533
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Lai is an intensier. Lightner is an oterer. Silcox is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fyfe is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the partner dancing classes, Lightner, Silcox, Lai, and Fyfe started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1534
Kohut is a turper. Burruss is a fangher. Burbage is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Barbeau is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the rideshare, Barbeau, Kohut, Burbage, and Burruss connected. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1535
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gallant is a fangher. Benfield is a spacter. Crownover is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Virgen is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the food co-op, Virgen, Benfield, Gallant, and Crownover ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. They reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1536
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Chaffin is a gladiower. Tabora is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Dasilva is an orgemier. Chand is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Chaffin, Dasilva, Chand, and Tabora met at the job fair. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1537
Glines is a patalcer. Stannard is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Rothenberg is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Sipos is an onner. Sipos, Glines, Rothenberg, and Stannard met at the park. The dogs that play here are super cute. They reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1538
Pitcher is a wenbumber. Anglin is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hargreaves is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stockwell is an orgemier. At the public transport, Stockwell, Anglin, Pitcher, and Hargreaves connected. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1539
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Rountree is a ceeper. Manthey is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Gallardo is a turper. Krier is an orgemier. At the volunteer work, Krier, Gallardo, Manthey, and Rountree met. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1540
Ashbaugh is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cha is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Aquino is a gladiower. Manchester is a fangher. At the comic book expo, Ashbaugh, Manchester, Aquino, and Cha connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1541
Fenley is a mornisdeiver. Frailey is an ointer. Olinger is a quarancer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Westover is an onner. At the bus station, Fenley, Olinger, Westover, and Frailey met. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1542
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Esguerra is a cluker. Newbold is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Tousignant is a spacter. Hove is an orgemier. At the improvisation class, Esguerra, Newbold, Tousignant, and Hove met. It's a huge place! He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1543
Villarreal is a turper. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ruffino is a mornisdeiver. Wareham is an ointer. Steinke is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the archery class, Steinke, Villarreal, Ruffino, and Wareham started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1544
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Yim is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stegman is an ointer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Cowherd is a turper. Odeh is a spacter. At the archery class, Yim, Cowherd, Stegman, and Odeh started a conversation. Classes teach new things every week. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1545
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Grosso is a patalcer. Mcclusky is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Scudder is an ointer. Picklesimer is a jesher. At the improvisation class, Mcclusky, Picklesimer, Grosso, and Scudder met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1546
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Lange is a wenbumber. Brainard is a jogunder. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Renfroe is an onner. Waterman is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the power yoga class, Renfroe, Lange, Waterman, and Brainard ran into each other. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1547
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Topp is an oterer. Restivo is a jesher. Bartlett is a mornisdeiver. Brackin is a spacter. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the public transport, Brackin, Restivo, Bartlett, and Topp ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1548
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Valera is an oterer. Makela is a cluker. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Viviano is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Normandin is a turper. At the commuter bus, Viviano, Normandin, Valera, and Makela started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1549
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Oldfield is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Heffernan is an ointer. Koza is a jogunder. Mcdow is an oterer. At the communal dining restaurant, Mcdow, Koza, Heffernan, and Oldfield started a conversation. It is a cool place to hang out. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1550
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cottrill is a motaswer. Sheetz is a spacter. Stier is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Trussell is an onner. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the gallery opening event, Sheetz, Trussell, Stier, and Cottrill met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1551
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lawley is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Odeh is a gladiower. March is an orgemier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Jernigan is a ceeper. At the food court, Odeh, Jernigan, Lawley, and March met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1552
Lamkin is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gomes is a cluker. Bergh is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Chichester is a fangher. At the cigar bar, Bergh, Chichester, Gomes, and Lamkin met. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1553
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Letts is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Cutshaw is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kittle is a cluker. Um is a dymer. Cutshaw, Kittle, Um, and Letts met at the public transport. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1554
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Kepley is an oterer. Batton is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rodela is a cluker. Gast is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the cigar bar, Gast, Kepley, Rodela, and Batton met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1555
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Baham is a mornisdeiver. Shryock is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Debolt is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Riter is an oterer. At the job fair, Riter, Shryock, Baham, and Debolt met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1556
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fenn is a motaswer. Mccomas is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gu is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dancer is an onner. At the bus station, Gu, Fenn, Dancer, and Mccomas started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1557
Breeding is a turper. Worman is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Vaidya is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Paniagua is an ointer. At the park, Vaidya, Paniagua, Breeding, and Worman connected. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1558
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Eager is a turper. Castelo is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Goto is an onner. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Carollo is a ceeper. At the food co-op, Goto, Carollo, Castelo, and Eager ran into each other. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1559
Marcucci is a pinwer. Prude is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Agrawal is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Forsman is an ointer. Prude, Agrawal, Marcucci, and Forsman met at the park. The picnic line is very short in this park. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1560
Gordy is a mornisdeiver. Winkelmann is an orgemier. Warman is a patalcer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Calabrese is an oterer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the high intensity class, Gordy, Warman, Winkelmann, and Calabrese met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1561
Pafford is a wenbumber. Gettinger is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Draves is a motaswer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dawkins is an oterer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Draves, Gettinger, Dawkins, and Pafford met at the school reunion. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1562
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bergey is a quarancer. Mckeithan is a pinwer. Bourn is a fangher. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gillan is an intensier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the networking event, Gillan, Bourn, Mckeithan, and Bergey ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1563
Walley is a quarancer. Vaidya is a turper. Franzen is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Corchado is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the rideshare, Vaidya, Corchado, Franzen, and Walley started a conversation. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1564
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Vrabel is a ceeper. Walley is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Brumm is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Fischbach is an oterer. At the communal dining restaurant, Brumm, Vrabel, Fischbach, and Walley ran into each other. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1565
Huffstetler is a turper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Munsell is a cluker. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sessoms is a fangher. Lomax is an oterer. Lomax, Sessoms, Munsell, and Huffstetler met at the gallery opening event. The event is still underway. They reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1566
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dacosta is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dula is a mornisdeiver. Slough is a dymer. Richey is a spacter. At the job fair, Dula, Dacosta, Slough, and Richey ran into each other. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1567
Shamblin is an intensier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Rosendahl is a pinwer. Loy is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Brey is an orgemier. At the gallery, Loy, Brey, Rosendahl, and Shamblin connected. The museum has no such thing as free entry. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1568
Baldridge is an orgemier. Dearborn is a patalcer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Miedema is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Getty is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the specialty retail store, Getty, Dearborn, Baldridge, and Miedema started a conversation. The market is a big source of income for many people. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1569
Straughn is a wenbumber. Jasso is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Snider is a spacter. Rector is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the food co-op, Jasso, Rector, Snider, and Straughn connected. The place was crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1570
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nieves is an oterer. Marble is a ceeper. Crump is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Perna is a cluker. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the networking event, Crump, Marble, Nieves, and Perna started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1571
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stenberg is a turper. Lovette is a wenbumber. Boulay is an ointer. Brockett is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the school reunion, Brockett, Lovette, Boulay, and Stenberg connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1572
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Hatten is a turper. Villarreal is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Potvin is a quarancer. Eakins is a jogunder. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the cigar bar, Villarreal, Potvin, Eakins, and Hatten ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1573
Heenan is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mccarter is an orgemier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pell is a fangher. Ulm is a turper. Ulm, Mccarter, Heenan, and Pell met at the communal dining restaurant. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1574
Geyer is a patalcer. Mulholland is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Shih is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcneely is a turper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the high intensity class, Shih, Mcneely, Geyer, and Mulholland started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1575
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Oo is a ceeper. Cardiel is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mullings is an oterer. File is an orgemier. At the food court, File, Cardiel, Oo, and Mullings met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1576
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cascio is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Otoole is a pinwer. Garciaperez is an intensier. Ostrom is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the school reunion, Otoole, Cascio, Garciaperez, and Ostrom connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1577
Claar is a cluker. Novoa is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Rosenfeld is a motaswer. Steves is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the communal dining restaurant, Steves, Novoa, Rosenfeld, and Claar ran into each other. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1578
Luker is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hackney is a quarancer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Nicoll is an onner. Acton is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the food court, Acton, Luker, Hackney, and Nicoll met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1579
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Jenks is a fangher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Sample is a jesher. Stoudt is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Flinchum is a motaswer. At the bus station, Sample, Flinchum, Jenks, and Stoudt met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1580
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Sturdevant is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hodgin is a jogunder. Cancel is a wenbumber. Morningstar is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the volunteer organization meet, Morningstar, Sturdevant, Hodgin, and Cancel started a conversation. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1581
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gatica is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dirks is a gladiower. Harned is a mornisdeiver. Tague is a cluker. At the theater festival, Gatica, Tague, Dirks, and Harned started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1582
Leclair is an intensier. Liptak is an onner. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gress is a dymer. Baillargeon is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the museum, Gress, Leclair, Baillargeon, and Liptak started a conversation. The museum would be great to come back again and again! They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1583
Marr is a quarancer. Ogren is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Albano is a ceeper. Climer is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food court, Climer, Albano, Marr, and Ogren met. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1584
Searfoss is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Kha is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Theriault is an orgemier. Yocum is a fangher. At the archery class, Theriault, Kha, Yocum, and Searfoss met. Classes teach new things every week. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1585
Woolfolk is an onner. Goudy is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Enamorado is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Toliver is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the public transport, Goudy, Woolfolk, Toliver, and Enamorado ran into each other. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1586
Eash is a turper. Pen is an oterer. Obannon is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Shamburger is a quarancer. At the commuter bus, Eash, Pen, Shamburger, and Obannon started a conversation. The public transports are public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1587
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Frailey is a cluker. Villalba is a motaswer. Gossman is a wenbumber. Virgen is a turper. Virgen, Villalba, Gossman, and Frailey met at the museum. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1588
Stuber is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bronstein is an intensier. Heuer is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Asencio is an orgemier. Bronstein, Asencio, Stuber, and Heuer met at the communal dining restaurant. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1589
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Barcelo is a wenbumber. Kittrell is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Koepp is a cluker. Rech is an ointer. At the specialty retail store, Rech, Koepp, Kittrell, and Barcelo connected. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1590
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bloss is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Brouillette is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcdonough is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Berthold is a dymer. At the restaurant, Berthold, Mcdonough, Bloss, and Brouillette ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1591
Risner is a patalcer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Collazo is an ointer. Milliken is a turper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Serpas is an intensier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the boardwalk arcade, Milliken, Collazo, Serpas, and Risner connected. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1592
Welch is a jesher. Kleiner is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kovac is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Espy is a motaswer. Kleiner, Kovac, Espy, and Welch met at the paintball courses. The class is fun! He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1593
Lefkowitz is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mickelsen is a wenbumber. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Cha is a turper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Arredondo is a patalcer. At the party, Arredondo, Lefkowitz, Cha, and Mickelsen met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1594
Shipman is a jesher. Wicks is an oterer. Madson is an intensier. Parisi is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the car show, Wicks, Shipman, Madson, and Parisi connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1595
Bakke is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Scriven is a jesher. Pavey is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Eatmon is a wenbumber. Pavey, Scriven, Bakke, and Eatmon met at the school reunion. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1596
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mendelsohn is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Herring is a ceeper. Strohl is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hatmaker is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the communal dining restaurant, Hatmaker, Mendelsohn, Herring, and Strohl started a conversation. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1597
Yin is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fabre is a pinwer. Dunsmore is a jesher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Pedrick is an oterer. At the paintball courses, Dunsmore, Yin, Fabre, and Pedrick met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1598
Stack is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ornelas is a spacter. Tefft is a mornisdeiver. Mccaleb is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the museum, Stack, Tefft, Ornelas, and Mccaleb met. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1599
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hopkins is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Brammer is a jogunder. Vanfossen is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Gobel is a quarancer. At the car show, Gobel, Hopkins, Brammer, and Vanfossen started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1600
Robey is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Drum is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Talkington is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Olinger is a mornisdeiver. Drum, Robey, Talkington, and Olinger met at the paintball courses. The class has interesting sessions. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1601
Mcintire is a fangher. Escamilla is a spacter. Maez is a gladiower. Knerr is an ointer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the bus station, Escamilla, Mcintire, Knerr, and Maez ran into each other. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. They reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1602
Tester is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Woosley is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cuervo is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Marton is a quarancer. At the gallery, Tester, Woosley, Marton, and Cuervo connected. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1603
Blanks is a jesher. Eustace is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rosin is a jogunder. Melo is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the theater festival, Melo, Rosin, Blanks, and Eustace connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1604
Mowbray is an onner. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Batra is a ceeper. Broom is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Searcy is a jogunder. Searcy, Mowbray, Batra, and Broom met at the job fair. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1605
Purvis is a jogunder. Mccullar is a fangher. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gatica is an oterer. Tarrant is a ceeper. At the high intensity class, Purvis, Gatica, Tarrant, and Mccullar met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1606
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Varma is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Demoss is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Fullerton is a wenbumber. Devos is an orgemier. Fullerton, Demoss, Varma, and Devos met at the volunteer work. Volunteering will bring confidence. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1607
Carlino is a turper. Engen is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Coss is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Puccio is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the food court, Coss, Engen, Puccio, and Carlino started a conversation. The beer is excellent. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1608
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Baptist is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Harney is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Plourde is a jogunder. Newcomer is a turper. Baptist, Plourde, Newcomer, and Harney met at the improvisation class. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1609
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Moscoso is an oterer. Phares is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cancino is a pinwer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hooley is an onner. At the park, Phares, Hooley, Cancino, and Moscoso ran into each other. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1610
Aggarwal is a mornisdeiver. Mcmillian is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kuss is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Maio is a dymer. At the job fair, Aggarwal, Kuss, Mcmillian, and Maio met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1611
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Windsor is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Endres is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bauman is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fagg is an orgemier. At the networking event, Endres, Fagg, Windsor, and Bauman ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1612
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Siebert is an intensier. Camper is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wunder is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stambaugh is a spacter. At the public transport, Camper, Siebert, Wunder, and Stambaugh ran into each other. The public buses are comfortable to ride. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1613
Shapiro is a turper. Tutor is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Malveaux is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Turk is a mornisdeiver. At the museum, Shapiro, Tutor, Turk, and Malveaux connected. The museum has no such thing as free entry. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1614
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Goodsell is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bun is an ointer. Mujica is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bizzell is a pinwer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the charity car wash, Mujica, Bizzell, Bun, and Goodsell met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1615
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mangum is a turper. Bissonnette is a fangher. Uecker is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Seiber is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the food and drink festival, Mangum, Seiber, Bissonnette, and Uecker started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1616
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Marcucci is a dymer. Brodsky is a jesher. Fazio is a cluker. Yocum is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the market, Marcucci, Fazio, Brodsky, and Yocum connected. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1617
Critchfield is a fangher. Millican is a cluker. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wahl is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Priester is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the car show, Critchfield, Wahl, Millican, and Priester ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1618
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Arevalo is a wenbumber. Orea is a cluker. Ficklin is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mcferrin is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the cigar bar, Orea, Mcferrin, Arevalo, and Ficklin met. It is a cool place to hang out. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1619
Mccomas is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Harrah is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Galante is a fangher. Lohr is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the museum, Mccomas, Galante, Lohr, and Harrah met. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1620
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Quintanilla is a mornisdeiver. Cutlip is an onner. Cosenza is a pinwer. Thornburg is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the theater festival, Cosenza, Thornburg, Cutlip, and Quintanilla ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1621
Htoo is a jogunder. Chabot is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Forth is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Yelton is an onner. At the networking event, Chabot, Htoo, Yelton, and Forth started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1622
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Cordova is an ointer. Slough is a spacter. Pfeffer is an onner. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Keplinger is a ceeper. At the high intensity class, Pfeffer, Slough, Cordova, and Keplinger started a conversation. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1623
Oliveira is a quarancer. Shinkle is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Weisner is a pinwer. Mcaleer is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the garden, Shinkle, Weisner, Oliveira, and Mcaleer ran into each other. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1624
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Shinkle is an intensier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ciccarelli is a mornisdeiver. Dinkins is a cluker. Weyer is an onner. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the museum, Ciccarelli, Weyer, Shinkle, and Dinkins ran into each other. The museum would be great to come back again and again! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1625
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Harrod is a jesher. Leanos is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Kalinowski is a jogunder. Weber is an intensier. At the job fair, Kalinowski, Weber, Harrod, and Leanos started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1626
Bufford is a turper. Jew is a jogunder. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Gibbon is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Higgins is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the park, Gibbon, Bufford, Jew, and Higgins met. We have some nice white rabbits here too. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1627
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Haslam is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Maysonet is a quarancer. Sherburne is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rapp is a motaswer. At the bus station, Sherburne, Maysonet, Rapp, and Haslam met. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1628
Bernhardt is a turper. Gramling is an oterer. Burgos is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Htoo is a cluker. At the museum, Bernhardt, Htoo, Gramling, and Burgos started a conversation. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1629
Moskal is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bannister is a pinwer. Scriven is a wenbumber. Mcneill is a cluker. Scriven, Bannister, Mcneill, and Moskal met at the food court. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1630
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kingery is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Chipps is a cluker. Overall is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hofer is a dymer. At the museum, Chipps, Kingery, Hofer, and Overall met. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1631
Gilles is a turper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Daggett is a quarancer. Spurr is a patalcer. Maberry is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the boardwalk arcade, Gilles, Maberry, Spurr, and Daggett ran into each other. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1632
Heimann is a fangher. Hagood is a cluker. Swann is a motaswer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Coder is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the rideshare, Swann, Hagood, Heimann, and Coder started a conversation. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1633
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Parnell is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Merriam is an onner. Wilsey is a patalcer. Eustace is a dymer. At the restaurant, Wilsey, Merriam, Eustace, and Parnell connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1634
Ickes is a motaswer. Glanz is a spacter. Bax is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rager is a jogunder. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the food co-op, Rager, Ickes, Bax, and Glanz connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1635
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Swearingen is a gladiower. Stender is an orgemier. Merck is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Cauley is a patalcer. At the party, Stender, Swearingen, Cauley, and Merck connected. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1636
Ridgway is a patalcer. Golding is an intensier. Wittig is a pinwer. Pendergast is a jesher. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the club, Wittig, Pendergast, Golding, and Ridgway started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1637
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kovarik is a ceeper. Cothern is an orgemier. Housel is an oterer. Wolverton is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Housel, Kovarik, Wolverton, and Cothern met at the group vacation. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1638
Paramore is an ointer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lasseter is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mayo is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lepage is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the garden, Lasseter, Lepage, Paramore, and Mayo started a conversation. We have some nice white rabbits here too. Ze reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1639
Lagrone is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Folks is a turper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Spellman is an intensier. Vento is a jogunder. At the improvisation class, Lagrone, Vento, Spellman, and Folks connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1640
Preciado is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Harless is an intensier. Carollo is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Redfield is a fangher. At the theater festival, Preciado, Carollo, Harless, and Redfield ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1641
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Fears is a turper. Bah is a ceeper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Neff is a wenbumber. Mowrer is a jogunder. At the archery class, Mowrer, Neff, Fears, and Bah ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1642
Bardales is an onner. Piotrowski is a fangher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Drapeau is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bengtson is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the subway, Drapeau, Bengtson, Piotrowski, and Bardales connected. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1643
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Gurule is an onner. Oliveira is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Batres is a turper. Gajewski is a fangher. At the improvisation class, Gajewski, Batres, Gurule, and Oliveira met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1644
Flemings is an oterer. Boelter is an onner. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lingenfelter is a mornisdeiver. Christopherson is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the theater festival, Lingenfelter, Flemings, Christopherson, and Boelter connected. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1645
Botero is a turper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Tagle is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Memon is a mornisdeiver. Hocutt is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the paintball courses, Memon, Tagle, Hocutt, and Botero met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1646
Inniss is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Packard is a patalcer. Burkart is a wenbumber. Dittmer is an ointer. At the group vacation, Dittmer, Inniss, Burkart, and Packard met. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1647
Skelly is a gladiower. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wickline is a pinwer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hamm is a motaswer. Shilling is an onner. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the archery class, Shilling, Skelly, Hamm, and Wickline started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. Ey reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1648
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mcgeorge is an ointer. Enamorado is a jesher. Bast is a pinwer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gines is a turper. At the food co-op, Enamorado, Mcgeorge, Bast, and Gines ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1649
Donaldson is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mcknight is a fangher. Stogsdill is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Grigoryan is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mcknight, Stogsdill, Grigoryan, and Donaldson met at the car show. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1650
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Aguila is an oterer. Poff is a wenbumber. Criner is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Samaroo is a dymer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the power yoga class, Criner, Aguila, Poff, and Samaroo ran into each other. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1651
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Holiman is a motaswer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Aucoin is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Foraker is an oterer. Prouty is a wenbumber. Foraker, Prouty, Holiman, and Aucoin met at the specialty retail store. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1652
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bolles is a ceeper. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Wheelock is a patalcer. Minnis is a dymer. Drawdy is a motaswer. Bolles, Wheelock, Drawdy, and Minnis met at the networking event. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1653
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Boelter is a fangher. Stapp is a patalcer. Sant is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Fine is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the high intensity class, Boelter, Fine, Stapp, and Sant ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1654
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bobb is a mornisdeiver. Harjo is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Kowalski is an orgemier. Hollen is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the partner dancing classes, Hollen, Harjo, Kowalski, and Bobb connected. The class is extremely motivating. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1655
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bradshaw is a mornisdeiver. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bauman is a jogunder. Bast is a ceeper. Goulart is a quarancer. At the volunteer organization meet, Bauman, Goulart, Bast, and Bradshaw ran into each other. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1656
Mahone is a turper. Borgen is a gladiower. Krapf is an oterer. Lundy is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Krapf, Lundy, Borgen, and Mahone met at the high intensity class. Classes teach new things every week. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1657
Bamford is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Artiaga is an intensier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hack is a gladiower. Presnell is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the charity car wash, Hack, Artiaga, Presnell, and Bamford connected. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1658
Sowell is a quarancer. Murry is a motaswer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Beller is a spacter. Atkinson is an orgemier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the rideshare, Sowell, Atkinson, Beller, and Murry ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1659
Homan is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Barringer is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Monteith is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Brokaw is an intensier. At the commuter bus, Homan, Barringer, Brokaw, and Monteith met. Public transports are easy to find. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1660
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Fey is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Eckenrode is a cluker. Baptist is a gladiower. Vandyne is an ointer. At the charity car wash, Baptist, Eckenrode, Fey, and Vandyne ran into each other. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1661
Lundy is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Haas is an oterer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mcclelland is a dymer. Raju is a fangher. At the charity car wash, Raju, Lundy, Mcclelland, and Haas ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1662
Lobb is a wenbumber. Capehart is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Graber is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Cowell is a mornisdeiver. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the bus station, Capehart, Graber, Lobb, and Cowell started a conversation. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1663
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Selph is a spacter. Alves is a jesher. Reimers is a cluker. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lindberg is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the car show, Alves, Selph, Lindberg, and Reimers ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1664
Pruitt is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Neace is an oterer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Topping is a gladiower. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sroka is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the commuter bus, Pruitt, Sroka, Neace, and Topping met. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1665
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lipson is an oterer. Gard is a quarancer. Profitt is a wenbumber. Bissonnette is an ointer. At the party, Gard, Profitt, Bissonnette, and Lipson ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1666
Piceno is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bartos is a motaswer. Hoosier is a spacter. Pearcy is an ointer. At the food court, Hoosier, Bartos, Pearcy, and Piceno connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1667
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Barringer is a dymer. Ogorman is a mornisdeiver. Zaborowski is a turper. Goines is a wenbumber. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the public transport, Zaborowski, Goines, Barringer, and Ogorman started a conversation. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1668
Crosier is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Leveque is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Wunder is an orgemier. Ausmus is a patalcer. At the gallery opening event, Leveque, Wunder, Ausmus, and Crosier met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1669
Cordoba is a cluker. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lezama is a ceeper. Caudle is an intensier. Dahn is a patalcer. At the gallery opening event, Caudle, Cordoba, Lezama, and Dahn connected. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1670
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Chafin is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chaffee is an oterer. Samayoa is a dymer. Gatica is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the volunteer organization meet, Chafin, Chaffee, Samayoa, and Gatica connected. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1671
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mouser is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Obermeyer is an intensier. Westover is a jesher. Qin is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the volunteer organization meet, Qin, Mouser, Obermeyer, and Westover started a conversation. Volunteering also takes energy to work together to improve the health, environment, and economic well - being of our country. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1672
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bachmann is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Skipworth is a jesher. Tham is a mornisdeiver. Stagg is a ceeper. At the party, Tham, Bachmann, Skipworth, and Stagg connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1673
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Alegre is a spacter. Sudol is a jesher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Noonan is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Shoup is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sudol, Alegre, Shoup, and Noonan met at the garden. The birds are wild and hungry! She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1674
Beard is a gladiower. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Kimbler is a quarancer. Cribb is a ceeper. Proper is a motaswer. At the cigar bar, Cribb, Beard, Proper, and Kimbler met. It is a cool place to hang out. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1675
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bivens is a patalcer. Romans is an onner. Graff is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Harwood is a jogunder. At the subway, Romans, Harwood, Graff, and Bivens connected. The public buses are comfortable to ride. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1676
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Speaker is a cluker. Fellows is a quarancer. Farias is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Streater is a dymer. At the volunteer work, Speaker, Fellows, Streater, and Farias connected. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1677
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Larue is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Everhart is a cluker. Milliner is a turper. Ferrin is a pinwer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the networking event, Everhart, Milliner, Ferrin, and Larue met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1678
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Warnke is a turper. Theriault is a wenbumber. Ware is an orgemier. Villa is an intensier. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the gallery, Theriault, Warnke, Villa, and Ware started a conversation. The museum would be great to come back again and again! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1679
Lachman is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hollon is an intensier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Latiolais is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sherrick is an onner. At the partner dancing classes, Lachman, Latiolais, Sherrick, and Hollon ran into each other. It's a huge place! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1680
Dahlen is an ointer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Auclair is an oterer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Koop is a motaswer. Bannerman is a jesher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Auclair, Koop, Bannerman, and Dahlen started a conversation. There is a lot of space to play games here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1681
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Warnke is a ceeper. Hoggard is a turper. Stalder is a gladiower. Hershman is a patalcer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the power yoga class, Hoggard, Stalder, Warnke, and Hershman connected. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1682
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Wojtowicz is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Carreras is a quarancer. Winland is a turper. Magyar is a spacter. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the specialty retail store, Carreras, Magyar, Wojtowicz, and Winland met. The market is open to all genders and ages. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1683
Demoss is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Heberling is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Gwinn is a wenbumber. Vargo is a cluker. At the museum, Demoss, Vargo, Heberling, and Gwinn connected. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1684
Batton is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Younker is an oterer. Bak is a jogunder. Bevill is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the job fair, Younker, Bevill, Bak, and Batton connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1685
Mathai is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mosser is a jesher. Haslam is an ointer. Rash is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the gallery, Rash, Mathai, Mosser, and Haslam started a conversation. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1686
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Weber is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Blackmon is a wenbumber. Bamford is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Manzano is a ceeper. At the theater festival, Weber, Blackmon, Manzano, and Bamford connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1687
Neuman is a jesher. Cofield is a wenbumber. Suhr is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Speegle is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cofield, Neuman, Suhr, and Speegle met at the food court. The coffee tastes good. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1688
Poindexter is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wingo is a quarancer. Goines is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Gassman is an ointer. At the archery class, Wingo, Goines, Poindexter, and Gassman ran into each other. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1689
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Strawbridge is an intensier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Labonte is a cluker. Chakraborty is a jesher. Gutowski is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the rideshare, Labonte, Strawbridge, Gutowski, and Chakraborty connected. Public transports are eco-friendly. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1690
Lofgren is a wenbumber. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Funke is a fangher. Marsh is an orgemier. Varughese is a patalcer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the rideshare, Marsh, Lofgren, Varughese, and Funke ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1691
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hoyer is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Wyble is a pinwer. Harter is a fangher. Mccurry is a wenbumber. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Wyble, Hoyer, Harter, and Mccurry met at the job fair. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1692
Goldsby is a motaswer. Merlos is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Eubanks is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Schuller is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Merlos, Goldsby, Eubanks, and Schuller met at the market. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1693
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bornstein is an orgemier. Deherrera is a pinwer. Foor is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stapp is an intensier. At the subway, Foor, Deherrera, Bornstein, and Stapp met. Public transports are affordable. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1694
Goh is a gladiower. Vilchis is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Agee is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Pfister is a quarancer. At the specialty retail store, Pfister, Agee, Goh, and Vilchis met. The market is a big source of income for many people. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1695
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Heisler is an ointer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bartelt is a quarancer. Mares is an orgemier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Metzler is an onner. At the power yoga class, Bartelt, Metzler, Mares, and Heisler ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1696
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Bun is an orgemier. Lagasse is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Falk is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Verde is a fangher. At the club, Falk, Lagasse, Bun, and Verde started a conversation. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1697
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bayes is a fangher. Gurley is an orgemier. Lohr is a jesher. Kreps is an ointer. At the club, Kreps, Bayes, Gurley, and Lohr connected. The place was crowded. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1698
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Costley is a wenbumber. Haskins is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sutterfield is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Glazier is a fangher. Glazier, Sutterfield, Haskins, and Costley met at the park. The park is beautiful. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1699
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Seldon is a quarancer. Hardee is a ceeper. Quinteros is an oterer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Kopacz is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Seldon, Kopacz, Quinteros, and Hardee met at the school reunion. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1700
Cribbs is a fangher. Hedges is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Cansler is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bones is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the food court, Bones, Hedges, Cansler, and Cribbs started a conversation. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1701
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Litz is a mornisdeiver. Mcswain is a motaswer. Stamand is a turper. Shamburger is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Litz, Stamand, Mcswain, and Shamburger met at the volunteer work. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1702
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Highfield is an orgemier. Fralick is a gladiower. Hoffman is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Panos is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Fralick, Panos, Hoffman, and Highfield met at the gallery opening event. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1703
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Griffeth is a motaswer. Spade is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Castilla is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Greene is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the job fair, Griffeth, Spade, Castilla, and Greene connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1704
Matula is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Billingsley is a jesher. Vancil is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Crabill is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Billingsley, Vancil, Matula, and Crabill met at the high intensity class. Classes provide fun and challenge. They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1705
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mcdonough is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Maes is an oterer. Rader is a motaswer. Pickett is a spacter. At the public transport, Pickett, Rader, Maes, and Mcdonough started a conversation. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1706
Telles is a jesher. Poche is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sample is a fangher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Adkins is a cluker. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the commuter bus, Poche, Adkins, Telles, and Sample met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1707
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Wick is a fangher. Colyer is a pinwer. Coggin is an onner. Picou is a turper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the bus station, Wick, Coggin, Picou, and Colyer ran into each other. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1708
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Swoboda is a ceeper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Zacher is a turper. Gerardi is a patalcer. Staley is an orgemier. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the partner dancing classes, Swoboda, Staley, Zacher, and Gerardi met. This class has amazing outcomes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1709
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Spradley is an orgemier. Bouknight is a cluker. Arcuri is a motaswer. Gasser is a ceeper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the group vacation, Spradley, Arcuri, Gasser, and Bouknight met. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1710
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Sloat is a motaswer. Shilling is an onner. Pope is an oterer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Monsivais is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food and drink festival, Monsivais, Sloat, Shilling, and Pope started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1711
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Carmean is a quarancer. Ferber is a pinwer. Mcvay is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Biggins is a wenbumber. Biggins, Carmean, Ferber, and Mcvay met at the park. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1712
Byard is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Highfield is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Taube is an intensier. Hershman is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the cigar bar, Highfield, Hershman, Byard, and Taube met. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1713
Pane is an intensier. Pitman is an orgemier. Brogden is a ceeper. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Nickell is a jesher. At the communal dining restaurant, Pane, Nickell, Pitman, and Brogden ran into each other. The place is nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1714
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Sande is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Cunningham is an ointer. Arredondo is a turper. Kime is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the car show, Cunningham, Arredondo, Sande, and Kime met. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1715
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Brinkman is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Tinnin is a fangher. Balentine is a dymer. Seifert is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the museum, Seifert, Balentine, Tinnin, and Brinkman met. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1716
Shake is a motaswer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stehle is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Gamber is a cluker. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Callihan is a quarancer. At the power yoga class, Stehle, Callihan, Shake, and Gamber met. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1717
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mccarter is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Prendergast is an intensier. Goggins is a spacter. Choi is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Goggins, Prendergast, Mccarter, and Choi met at the volunteer organization meet. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1718
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Devito is a ceeper. Phu is a cluker. Roe is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Witherow is a pinwer. At the gallery opening event, Roe, Witherow, Phu, and Devito connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1719
Kuipers is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bui is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Munns is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wickline is a jesher. At the power yoga class, Wickline, Munns, Kuipers, and Bui met. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1720
Balasubramanian is a jesher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Stayton is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Selph is a fangher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Maloy is a dymer. At the charity car wash, Stayton, Maloy, Balasubramanian, and Selph met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1721
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Degregorio is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Olmo is an orgemier. Smartt is a spacter. Fleisher is a jesher. Smartt, Fleisher, Degregorio, and Olmo met at the rideshare. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1722
Glaspie is a fangher. Callanan is a quarancer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lagrone is an onner. Birmingham is a mornisdeiver. At the improvisation class, Callanan, Birmingham, Lagrone, and Glaspie connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1723
Garces is a jogunder. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Richter is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cutshall is a motaswer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Helle is a dymer. At the power yoga class, Garces, Cutshall, Richter, and Helle connected. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1724
Arno is an orgemier. Lingenfelter is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Vanbrunt is a dymer. Bustamante is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the specialty retail store, Arno, Bustamante, Vanbrunt, and Lingenfelter connected. The market is a big source of income for many people. They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1725
Lowery is a patalcer. Strickler is a turper. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Swaim is a spacter. Gafford is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the charity car wash, Gafford, Strickler, Swaim, and Lowery started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1726
Fagg is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Elizarraras is a pinwer. Manthey is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Lappin is an orgemier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the gallery, Fagg, Elizarraras, Lappin, and Manthey ran into each other. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1727
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Galati is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Duty is a dymer. Hartung is a turper. Linde is an ointer. At the party, Galati, Linde, Duty, and Hartung connected. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1728
Summers is a jesher. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fournier is a patalcer. Dirks is a cluker. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Trimble is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the bus station, Trimble, Summers, Dirks, and Fournier ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1729
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mattice is a wenbumber. Saito is a patalcer. Murguia is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Dilorenzo is a mornisdeiver. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the food co-op, Murguia, Mattice, Saito, and Dilorenzo started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1730
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Fannon is an oterer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Martyn is a spacter. Merlo is an onner. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Villafana is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the market, Martyn, Fannon, Merlo, and Villafana met. The market is divided into sub-markets. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1731
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Oo is an oterer. Hoke is an ointer. Marton is a quarancer. Bergstrom is a mornisdeiver. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the volunteer work, Bergstrom, Oo, Marton, and Hoke started a conversation. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. They reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1732
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Balsamo is a pinwer. Stockman is a dymer. Jacquet is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Guard is a spacter. At the party, Jacquet, Guard, Balsamo, and Stockman met. The party is free entry for everyone. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1733
Spivey is an orgemier. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Demott is an oterer. Hafner is a turper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Schlabach is an ointer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the public transport, Hafner, Spivey, Demott, and Schlabach started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1734
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Duty is a pinwer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Spieker is an intensier. Wozniak is a fangher. Stockwell is a turper. Wozniak, Duty, Stockwell, and Spieker met at the archery class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1735
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Awad is a jogunder. Pew is a dymer. Aguilar is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lampley is an ointer. At the boardwalk arcade, Aguilar, Pew, Lampley, and Awad started a conversation. There is a lot of space to play games here. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1736
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bartels is a quarancer. Ables is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Brookins is an intensier. Doctor is an oterer. At the networking event, Ables, Brookins, Doctor, and Bartels ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1737
Poland is a fangher. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Etzel is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stilley is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mchenry is a quarancer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the public transport, Stilley, Etzel, Mchenry, and Poland ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. Ze reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1738
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sunderman is a ceeper. Purdue is an onner. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Buettner is an intensier. Smythe is an oterer. Buettner, Purdue, Sunderman, and Smythe met at the volunteer organization meet. Volunteering also takes energy to work together to improve the health, environment, and economic well - being of our country. They reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1739
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Obermeyer is a fangher. Montalvo is a mornisdeiver. Zuckerman is an intensier. Delossantos is a pinwer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Obermeyer, Delossantos, Zuckerman, and Montalvo met at the food court. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. Ze reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1740
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Benford is a jogunder. Slay is a mornisdeiver. Pfister is a cluker. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Millner is a gladiower. At the museum, Benford, Pfister, Slay, and Millner connected. Museums are great places to learn about culture. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1741
Craighead is a jesher. Golub is a gladiower. Tiner is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Najera is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Tiner, Golub, Craighead, and Najera met at the park. The park has a running track. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1742
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Schneiderman is a spacter. Escamilla is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Kennelly is a jesher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ringgold is a mornisdeiver. At the volunteer organization meet, Ringgold, Escamilla, Schneiderman, and Kennelly connected. Please contact the organization during working hours to discuss the volunteering options. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1743
Wunder is a pinwer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Naumann is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Zendejas is an oterer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Finkelstein is a jogunder. At the gallery opening event, Naumann, Zendejas, Finkelstein, and Wunder ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1744
Spieker is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Zabel is an orgemier. Warwick is a spacter. Pick is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Zabel, Spieker, Warwick, and Pick met at the paintball courses. The class is fun! He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1745
Ballew is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Salamone is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Welcome is a wenbumber. Candela is a jogunder. Candela, Ballew, Welcome, and Salamone met at the park. The park is very peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1746
Masuda is a quarancer. Cousineau is a motaswer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Moulton is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lauzon is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the subway, Masuda, Cousineau, Lauzon, and Moulton met. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1747
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lobdell is an orgemier. Lovato is a quarancer. Brathwaite is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lanza is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the paintball courses, Brathwaite, Lobdell, Lovato, and Lanza ran into each other. It's a huge place! She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1748
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Eshleman is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Alday is an onner. Richey is a patalcer. Camper is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the paintball courses, Richey, Eshleman, Camper, and Alday connected. The class is fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1749
Faulkner is a quarancer. Metoyer is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Partain is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vandenheuvel is an intensier. Faulkner, Partain, Metoyer, and Vandenheuvel met at the high intensity class. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1750
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Matter is a pinwer. Matula is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Farhat is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Cravens is a quarancer. At the boardwalk arcade, Farhat, Matula, Cravens, and Matter started a conversation. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1751
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Danielson is a gladiower. Hitchens is an oterer. Cartagena is a motaswer. Nehls is an onner. At the specialty retail store, Cartagena, Nehls, Danielson, and Hitchens ran into each other. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1752
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Miner is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Garber is a spacter. Yepes is an ointer. Roll is a motaswer. At the public transport, Yepes, Miner, Garber, and Roll ran into each other. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1753
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Pandey is a patalcer. Usry is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Ek is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcvey is an orgemier. At the boardwalk arcade, Mcvey, Usry, Pandey, and Ek connected. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1754
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vandenberg is a cluker. Rupe is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lineberger is an intensier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Styers is a gladiower. At the gallery opening event, Vandenberg, Styers, Lineberger, and Rupe met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1755
Hamlett is a ceeper. Genao is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Grigoryan is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sowell is a mornisdeiver. At the boardwalk arcade, Genao, Hamlett, Sowell, and Grigoryan started a conversation. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1756
Cornette is an orgemier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Earls is a turper. Philpott is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Jeanbaptiste is a ceeper. At the food co-op, Earls, Cornette, Jeanbaptiste, and Philpott started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1757
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Terhune is an oterer. Horsey is a jogunder. Pontius is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Chou is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the market, Terhune, Horsey, Chou, and Pontius met. The market is open to all genders and ages. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1758
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hanger is an onner. Mrozek is a pinwer. Aguayo is an orgemier. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Corella is a cluker. At the charity car wash, Hanger, Mrozek, Aguayo, and Corella met. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1759
Mendelsohn is a pinwer. Bachmann is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gerardi is an ointer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mudge is a dymer. At the restaurant, Mendelsohn, Gerardi, Mudge, and Bachmann ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1760
Limbaugh is a motaswer. Martello is a jesher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Class is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Breeding is an oterer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the communal dining restaurant, Breeding, Limbaugh, Martello, and Class started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1761
Lawley is a quarancer. Fuchs is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Ickes is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Baham is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the museum, Lawley, Baham, Fuchs, and Ickes connected. Museums are great places to learn about culture. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1762
Mitchem is an intensier. Goodlett is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Olinger is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Estey is an onner. At the garden, Goodlett, Olinger, Mitchem, and Estey connected. The park is good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1763
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Brinegar is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Shryock is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Popoca is a ceeper. Strickler is a mornisdeiver. At the power yoga class, Popoca, Shryock, Brinegar, and Strickler ran into each other. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1764
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hafner is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Perino is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fowles is a mornisdeiver. Gaydos is an ointer. At the charity car wash, Hafner, Fowles, Gaydos, and Perino ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1765
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Skelley is an ointer. Fordham is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bedoya is a fangher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Quispe is a spacter. Fordham, Quispe, Bedoya, and Skelley met at the cigar bar. The drinks are served on time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1766
Wick is an ointer. Jiron is a ceeper. Gillard is a pinwer. Mair is an oterer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the market, Jiron, Mair, Gillard, and Wick connected. Markets are usually crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1767
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Sweeting is a wenbumber. Dukes is a mornisdeiver. Mulvaney is a cluker. Abercrombie is an onner. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dukes, Mulvaney, Abercrombie, and Sweeting met at the food co-op. The atmosphere was nice. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1768
Helle is a fangher. Clemmer is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tapscott is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Rosendahl is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the car show, Clemmer, Helle, Tapscott, and Rosendahl connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1769
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gamblin is a patalcer. Buch is a dymer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Almazan is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bump is a spacter. At the paintball courses, Buch, Almazan, Gamblin, and Bump met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1770
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Smyth is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Shugart is a jogunder. Cousineau is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Berthold is an ointer. Smyth, Berthold, Shugart, and Cousineau met at the cigar bar. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1771
Donegan is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Madson is a pinwer. Crabill is a jesher. Compton is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the archery class, Donegan, Madson, Crabill, and Compton ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1772
Wehner is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Sherrick is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Youmans is a quarancer. Lineberger is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the club, Wehner, Sherrick, Lineberger, and Youmans met. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1773
Yutzy is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Burkhart is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Toor is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Carmona is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Burkhart, Yutzy, Carmona, and Toor met at the theater festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1774
Prather is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Sabala is a dymer. Arocha is a pinwer. Futch is an intensier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the school reunion, Sabala, Prather, Arocha, and Futch met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1775
Gothard is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Cendejas is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mcfarlane is a quarancer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Khalsa is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the group vacation, Gothard, Mcfarlane, Khalsa, and Cendejas ran into each other. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1776
Fullmer is a ceeper. Klassen is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Belizaire is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Marciniak is an orgemier. At the restaurant, Belizaire, Fullmer, Marciniak, and Klassen met. The beer is excellent. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1777
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Nicholson is a turper. Astle is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Raab is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Falls is a gladiower. At the partner dancing classes, Astle, Raab, Nicholson, and Falls ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1778
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mitzel is a mornisdeiver. Frasher is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Guynn is an onner. Mireles is a quarancer. At the comic book expo, Guynn, Mitzel, Mireles, and Frasher connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1779
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Winget is a gladiower. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Borger is a turper. Behm is an ointer. Strohl is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the cigar bar, Strohl, Winget, Borger, and Behm connected. The beer is excellent. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1780
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Haynes is a spacter. Gilliland is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Parsley is a motaswer. Giguere is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Haynes, Parsley, Giguere, and Gilliland met at the comic book expo. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1781
Saliba is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Trainor is a dymer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Dockery is a quarancer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Brogden is a ceeper. At the rideshare, Brogden, Dockery, Trainor, and Saliba met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1782
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Frailey is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Curtsinger is an oterer. Bowles is a jesher. Whigham is a wenbumber. Bowles, Curtsinger, Frailey, and Whigham met at the market. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1783
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Spooner is an ointer. Gledhill is a jogunder. Isbell is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Frechette is an intensier. At the specialty retail store, Spooner, Gledhill, Frechette, and Isbell connected. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1784
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Rambo is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Saintlouis is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Ge is an orgemier. Vila is a patalcer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the restaurant, Ge, Saintlouis, Rambo, and Vila started a conversation. The beer is excellent. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1785
Youngman is a gladiower. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ostrowski is a wenbumber. Correll is a motaswer. Luviano is a cluker. At the subway, Luviano, Youngman, Ostrowski, and Correll connected. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1786
Gilles is a jesher. Trombley is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sandoval is a turper. Garrard is a ceeper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the communal dining restaurant, Gilles, Trombley, Sandoval, and Garrard met. The coffee tastes good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1787
Campagna is a ceeper. Weeks is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Lamothe is a jesher. Badeaux is a spacter. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the power yoga class, Badeaux, Campagna, Weeks, and Lamothe ran into each other. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1788
Stem is a turper. Butler is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ravenell is an oterer. Garbarino is an intensier. At the food co-op, Stem, Garbarino, Ravenell, and Butler connected. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1789
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Busse is a mornisdeiver. Stinson is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Raff is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Obanion is a turper. At the park, Stinson, Raff, Busse, and Obanion met. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1790
Bouton is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bobo is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Steves is a pinwer. Fucci is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the garden, Fucci, Bouton, Bobo, and Steves ran into each other. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1791
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Horan is a gladiower. Pannell is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Crisman is a quarancer. Alatorre is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the paintball courses, Crisman, Pannell, Alatorre, and Horan connected. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1792
Stutts is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Stover is a mornisdeiver. Shrock is a spacter. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hockenberry is a dymer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the club, Stover, Stutts, Hockenberry, and Shrock ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1793
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Goodlett is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Houlihan is a jesher. Riggio is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dalby is a cluker. At the party, Goodlett, Dalby, Houlihan, and Riggio ran into each other. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1794
Goulette is a cluker. Broaddus is an onner. Etheredge is a quarancer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lucchesi is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the market, Broaddus, Goulette, Etheredge, and Lucchesi started a conversation. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1795
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Cifuentes is a wenbumber. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Escalona is a jogunder. Ginter is a fangher. Lemmer is a quarancer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the garden, Ginter, Escalona, Lemmer, and Cifuentes ran into each other. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1796
Batty is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Barnhardt is a fangher. Burkes is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Steffy is a gladiower. At the volunteer organization meet, Barnhardt, Burkes, Steffy, and Batty started a conversation. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1797
Lefever is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Shows is a pinwer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Koon is a mornisdeiver. Mccullers is an onner. Shows, Lefever, Koon, and Mccullers met at the improvisation class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1798
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Marcano is a jesher. Ring is a turper. Buell is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Searls is a jogunder. At the networking event, Searls, Ring, Buell, and Marcano met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1799
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Laughman is a cluker. Woosley is a spacter. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Vacca is a patalcer. Priester is a gladiower. At the gallery opening event, Priester, Woosley, Laughman, and Vacca met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1800
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Nobles is an onner. Arriola is a pinwer. Sarkisian is a jogunder. Siders is a patalcer. At the park, Arriola, Nobles, Siders, and Sarkisian connected. The picnic line is very short in this park. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1801
Verduzco is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hackman is a motaswer. Oddo is a wenbumber. Aliff is a spacter. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the cigar bar, Verduzco, Oddo, Hackman, and Aliff met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1802
Hruby is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Whitmer is a jogunder. Ingles is a mornisdeiver. Alward is a patalcer. At the cigar bar, Whitmer, Ingles, Alward, and Hruby connected. It is a cool place to hang out. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1803
Dilorenzo is a wenbumber. Swarey is a gladiower. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Farquharson is a dymer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hetzel is a turper. At the comic book expo, Hetzel, Swarey, Farquharson, and Dilorenzo ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1804
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Vaquera is an intensier. Gamber is a patalcer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Spurr is a fangher. Wieczorek is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the gallery opening event, Vaquera, Spurr, Gamber, and Wieczorek connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1805
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lefever is an orgemier. Bast is a motaswer. Seaborn is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Boozer is a dymer. Seaborn, Bast, Lefever, and Boozer met at the gallery. The museum has no such thing as free entry. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1806
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Jester is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bonnette is a fangher. Knisley is a spacter. Gorsuch is a patalcer. Knisley, Bonnette, Jester, and Gorsuch met at the volunteer work. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1807
Rathbone is a ceeper. Meece is a jesher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Winebrenner is a wenbumber. Trevino is a spacter. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Rathbone, Trevino, Meece, and Winebrenner met at the gallery. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1808
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Griffeth is a mornisdeiver. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Denault is a fangher. Rodriges is a jogunder. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Hitchens is a patalcer. Rodriges, Hitchens, Griffeth, and Denault met at the subway. People have different schedules. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1809
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Glidden is a pinwer. Tullos is a turper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Warriner is an ointer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fleener is a cluker. Tullos, Glidden, Fleener, and Warriner met at the food court. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1810
Munz is a spacter. Merkel is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mccurry is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ginsberg is an orgemier. At the museum, Mccurry, Munz, Merkel, and Ginsberg ran into each other. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1811
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Dague is a motaswer. Peebles is a dymer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Layman is a fangher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Caraballo is a mornisdeiver. At the commuter bus, Peebles, Caraballo, Layman, and Dague connected. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. Ze told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1812
Roe is a jogunder. Tavera is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Traina is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Pitman is a gladiower. Tavera, Pitman, Roe, and Traina met at the volunteer work. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1813
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Pinzon is a dymer. Vallecillo is a fangher. Hartig is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Tham is a patalcer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the museum, Hartig, Tham, Vallecillo, and Pinzon connected. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1814
Peet is a quarancer. Macke is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Parsons is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wing is an oterer. At the gallery opening event, Macke, Peet, Parsons, and Wing started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1815
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Dibiase is a jogunder. Roe is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Blowers is a turper. Vanderhoff is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the charity car wash, Blowers, Vanderhoff, Dibiase, and Roe started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1816
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Masi is a fangher. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Sobol is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Acton is a wenbumber. Wolters is a ceeper. At the volunteer organization meet, Wolters, Masi, Sobol, and Acton connected. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1817
Quandt is a spacter. Jepson is a wenbumber. Martineau is an onner. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Coviello is a ceeper. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Coviello, Jepson, Quandt, and Martineau met at the boardwalk arcade. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1818
Lillis is a dymer. Sonnier is a spacter. Yutzy is a jogunder. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Buentello is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Sonnier, Lillis, Yutzy, and Buentello met at the volunteer work. A hurricane or other natural calamity can be a good reason to volunteer at a charity center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1819
Orban is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Wiggs is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Smock is a gladiower. Traub is an oterer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the food co-op, Orban, Traub, Wiggs, and Smock ran into each other. The drinks are served on time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1820
Seidl is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mellott is a pinwer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Holmgren is an ointer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tapscott is a mornisdeiver. At the gallery opening event, Tapscott, Holmgren, Mellott, and Seidl ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1821
Hornbeck is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Rusk is a jogunder. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mears is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Widener is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Mears, Widener, Hornbeck, and Rusk met at the job fair. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1822
Mcguigan is an intensier. Brittingham is a dymer. Abebe is a jesher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gelman is a cluker. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the networking event, Brittingham, Abebe, Gelman, and Mcguigan connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1823
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mangum is a fangher. Moroz is a ceeper. Gerth is a patalcer. Cribb is a jogunder. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the job fair, Moroz, Cribb, Gerth, and Mangum ran into each other. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1824
Wille is a spacter. Knerr is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Rubinstein is an onner. Johnsen is a wenbumber. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the partner dancing classes, Johnsen, Rubinstein, Knerr, and Wille met. Classes are well organized. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1825
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Lindo is a dymer. Southard is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Chavis is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Barrette is an orgemier. At the charity car wash, Lindo, Chavis, Southard, and Barrette started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1826
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Watkins is an orgemier. Kulp is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Cutshaw is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Faucett is a turper. Watkins, Cutshaw, Faucett, and Kulp met at the party. The party is free entry for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1827
Gothard is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Macneil is a turper. Beaupre is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Woolsey is a pinwer. Gothard, Woolsey, Beaupre, and Macneil met at the club. The coffee tea is great. They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1828
Squier is an orgemier. Choquette is a pinwer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Eager is a dymer. Marler is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the public transport, Marler, Eager, Choquette, and Squier ran into each other. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1829
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Leadbetter is a wenbumber. Alvarez is a patalcer. Zarate is a turper. Hulsey is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hulsey, Leadbetter, Zarate, and Alvarez met at the power yoga class. A yoga class helps live a happier life. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1830
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Delvecchio is a fangher. Hanshaw is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Notaro is an onner. Quill is an orgemier. At the car show, Quill, Notaro, Hanshaw, and Delvecchio met. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1831
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Oberholtzer is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Capellan is a fangher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Matlock is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Mcmillen is a spacter. At the paintball courses, Capellan, Matlock, Oberholtzer, and Mcmillen started a conversation. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1832
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Graber is a turper. Fonte is a pinwer. Pestana is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Dahlke is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Graber, Pestana, Dahlke, and Fonte met at the partner dancing classes. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1833
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Datta is a cluker. Jeanlouis is an ointer. Pink is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Desmarais is a turper. At the gallery, Datta, Desmarais, Jeanlouis, and Pink connected. Museums are great places to learn about culture. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1834
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Toole is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Vandiver is a quarancer. Flesch is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rager is an oterer. At the food co-op, Rager, Toole, Vandiver, and Flesch met. One of the few spots for everyone. Ey reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1835
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Woolford is a turper. Etherton is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Vanvalkenburg is a quarancer. Speegle is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Woolford, Vanvalkenburg, Etherton, and Speegle met at the high intensity class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. Ey reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1836
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Heenan is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lipford is a jesher. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Pisciotta is a motaswer. Medders is a wenbumber. At the specialty retail store, Pisciotta, Medders, Heenan, and Lipford ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1837
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bollman is an onner. Macke is a motaswer. Steeves is a fangher. Crisp is a mornisdeiver. At the volunteer organization meet, Steeves, Bollman, Macke, and Crisp ran into each other. We all want to participate in healing, and those volunteering to help others. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1838
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Olivo is a spacter. Oo is an onner. Sneed is a dymer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sandel is an intensier. At the park, Olivo, Oo, Sneed, and Sandel ran into each other. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1839
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lesher is an intensier. Boardman is a spacter. Plouffe is a dymer. Goodrum is an oterer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the party, Plouffe, Boardman, Lesher, and Goodrum started a conversation. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1840
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hawkinson is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Keim is a jesher. Heenan is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Meurer is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the job fair, Keim, Hawkinson, Heenan, and Meurer ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1841
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lucatero is a mornisdeiver. Colucci is a spacter. Blass is a turper. Attaway is a jesher. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the gallery, Attaway, Colucci, Blass, and Lucatero ran into each other. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1842
Howe is a patalcer. Trombley is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Youn is a motaswer. Mcbeth is an ointer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. At the public transport, Trombley, Youn, Mcbeth, and Howe ran into each other. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1843
Simental is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Billings is a spacter. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Wolff is an orgemier. Wolverton is a jesher. At the club, Wolff, Wolverton, Billings, and Simental ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1844
Vannoy is a jesher. Rech is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Penman is an orgemier. Hartnett is a dymer. Penman, Hartnett, Rech, and Vannoy met at the food court. The drinks are served on time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1845
Guynn is a ceeper. Grieco is an intensier. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fells is a mornisdeiver. Pangilinan is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the communal dining restaurant, Pangilinan, Fells, Grieco, and Guynn started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1846
Brizuela is an ointer. Currey is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Owusu is an orgemier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Cantero is a patalcer. At the charity car wash, Currey, Cantero, Owusu, and Brizuela ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1847
The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Knowlton is a patalcer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Guymon is a turper. Lebeau is a motaswer. Moldenhauer is an orgemier. At the public transport, Moldenhauer, Knowlton, Lebeau, and Guymon started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1848
Maag is an onner. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hutchens is an intensier. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Jepson is an ointer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Schoonmaker is an orgemier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hutchens, Jepson, Maag, and Schoonmaker met at the party. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1849
Tallman is a jesher. Higgs is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Kuebler is an ointer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Trout is a fangher. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the school reunion, Kuebler, Tallman, Trout, and Higgs started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1850
Kowal is a fangher. Lourenco is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gonyea is a dymer. Oday is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kowal, Lourenco, Oday, and Gonyea met at the market. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1851
Cardiel is an onner. Twitchell is an oterer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Fickes is a dymer. Hartzler is a ceeper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Twitchell, Hartzler, Fickes, and Cardiel met at the partner dancing classes. Classes are well organized. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1852
Ebron is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ausmus is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Herd is an ointer. Wick is a ceeper. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the high intensity class, Ebron, Wick, Ausmus, and Herd met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1853
Browder is a gladiower. Shake is a motaswer. Gaylor is a ceeper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Schroyer is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the comic book expo, Schroyer, Browder, Shake, and Gaylor ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1854
Negri is a motaswer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Shetty is an ointer. Woodyard is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stlouis is an intensier. Stlouis, Shetty, Woodyard, and Negri met at the improvisation class. Classes provide fun and challenge. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1855
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Givens is an onner. Hawkinson is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Matzke is a turper. Michener is a patalcer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the specialty retail store, Michener, Givens, Matzke, and Hawkinson connected. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1856
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pisani is a ceeper. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Haislip is a motaswer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Skillman is a mornisdeiver. Lipford is an oterer. Pisani, Skillman, Haislip, and Lipford met at the gallery opening event. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1857
Klemm is an ointer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Nakagawa is a turper. Stouffer is a gladiower. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Modi is a dymer. At the subway, Modi, Nakagawa, Stouffer, and Klemm started a conversation. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1858
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bangs is a pinwer. Bontrager is an intensier. Eckley is an orgemier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Zheng is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the comic book expo, Bangs, Bontrager, Eckley, and Zheng started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1859
Beale is a gladiower. Grove is a wenbumber. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Montesdeoca is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hetzel is a cluker. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the partner dancing classes, Montesdeoca, Beale, Grove, and Hetzel started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1860
Brand is an orgemier. Veazey is a quarancer. Voltz is a pinwer. Linnell is a gladiower. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the club, Brand, Linnell, Voltz, and Veazey met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1861
Stimpson is a motaswer. Grewe is a ceeper. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Salyer is an ointer. Bedwell is a patalcer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the comic book expo, Stimpson, Grewe, Bedwell, and Salyer connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1862
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schiefelbein is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Eby is a motaswer. Lindberg is an oterer. Sessa is a mornisdeiver. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the school reunion, Sessa, Schiefelbein, Eby, and Lindberg ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1863
Hazelton is a jogunder. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Surface is a mornisdeiver. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Conners is an ointer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rising is a cluker. At the boardwalk arcade, Hazelton, Conners, Surface, and Rising connected. The game can be interesting. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1864
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hubler is an orgemier. Kapur is a motaswer. Geiser is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Metheny is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the food and drink festival, Hubler, Metheny, Geiser, and Kapur connected. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1865
Seago is a wenbumber. Vila is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Procter is a pinwer. Frandsen is a patalcer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the comic book expo, Seago, Vila, Procter, and Frandsen connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1866
Shurtz is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Brockett is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Barnett is a motaswer. Nave is an ointer. At the networking event, Nave, Barnett, Shurtz, and Brockett connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1867
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Pirtle is a quarancer. Beatty is a wenbumber. Veazey is an orgemier. Daggett is an ointer. At the restaurant, Pirtle, Daggett, Veazey, and Beatty met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1868
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Quimby is a fangher. Xiong is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rakowski is a wenbumber. Maillet is an ointer. At the high intensity class, Rakowski, Quimby, Maillet, and Xiong connected. Each session teaches a different theme. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1869
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Siller is a patalcer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Buda is an onner. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Prout is an ointer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Raab is a jogunder. At the bus station, Raab, Siller, Buda, and Prout connected. Public transports are eco-friendly. Ey reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1870
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Struck is a jogunder. Uy is a patalcer. Jeon is a turper. Mccord is a mornisdeiver. Struck, Jeon, Uy, and Mccord met at the cigar bar. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1871
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cola is a ceeper. Galdamez is a cluker. Pendergraft is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Wilkerson is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the gallery, Wilkerson, Cola, Pendergraft, and Galdamez ran into each other. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1872
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gause is a mornisdeiver. Eichner is a motaswer. Hofmann is an intensier. Demars is a pinwer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the archery class, Gause, Demars, Eichner, and Hofmann started a conversation. The class is extremely motivating. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1873
Osornio is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Orban is a jesher. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Oles is a motaswer. Chee is a wenbumber. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Orban, Chee, Oles, and Osornio met at the networking event. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1874
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cartagena is an ointer. Banales is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Dew is a jesher. Telles is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the improvisation class, Telles, Cartagena, Banales, and Dew met. Classes provide fun and challenge. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1875
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dollard is a fangher. Tullos is a ceeper. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Etzel is a jesher. Kral is a wenbumber. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the power yoga class, Dollard, Tullos, Kral, and Etzel ran into each other. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1876
Bissonnette is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cottone is an ointer. Riendeau is a mornisdeiver. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Braithwaite is an intensier. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food and drink festival, Riendeau, Braithwaite, Bissonnette, and Cottone met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1877
Eckman is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dahlman is a motaswer. Kurz is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Leiter is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the group vacation, Dahlman, Leiter, Kurz, and Eckman connected. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1878
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Dipalma is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Baeza is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Silvernail is a jogunder. Riccardi is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the networking event, Silvernail, Baeza, Dipalma, and Riccardi ran into each other. It is open to the public. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1879
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mackley is a spacter. Barnhill is a cluker. Cairns is a quarancer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mcelroy is a pinwer. Barnhill, Mcelroy, Mackley, and Cairns met at the food and drink festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1880
Bey is an onner. Aberle is a jogunder. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Heitman is a motaswer. Lunn is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Lunn, Aberle, Heitman, and Bey met at the car show. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1881
Spears is a ceeper. Eicher is a motaswer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rohde is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Moldenhauer is a dymer. At the networking event, Moldenhauer, Rohde, Spears, and Eicher ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1882
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Quito is a gladiower. Turnipseed is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Dahlman is a ceeper. Borntrager is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the group vacation, Quito, Dahlman, Borntrager, and Turnipseed started a conversation. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1883
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Manzanares is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lanning is a jesher. Bohannon is a fangher. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcgurk is a ceeper. Lanning, Manzanares, Mcgurk, and Bohannon met at the rideshare. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1884
Levey is an ointer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Hitchens is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Laughman is an oterer. Ogorman is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the club, Ogorman, Levey, Hitchens, and Laughman ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1885
Seiber is an onner. Parvin is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Tinnin is an intensier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Keech is a jogunder. At the volunteer organization meet, Seiber, Keech, Tinnin, and Parvin ran into each other. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1886
Marcucci is a motaswer. Bouton is a patalcer. Meacham is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Giffin is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the bus station, Marcucci, Giffin, Meacham, and Bouton met. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1887
Shih is a jesher. Vanpelt is a fangher. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Steffy is an ointer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Keplinger is a gladiower. At the garden, Shih, Steffy, Keplinger, and Vanpelt ran into each other. The water is very good and clean. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1888
Cancino is a jogunder. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rieger is an oterer. Onorato is a gladiower. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Preciado is a ceeper. At the communal dining restaurant, Onorato, Preciado, Cancino, and Rieger connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. Ey reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1889
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Samsel is a fangher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Klinger is a ceeper. Kittle is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kowalski is an intensier. At the specialty retail store, Kittle, Kowalski, Samsel, and Klinger started a conversation. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1890
Bratton is a spacter. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Runion is a jesher. Easterday is an intensier. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Kin is a ceeper. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the gallery opening event, Kin, Bratton, Easterday, and Runion connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1891
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Garza is a quarancer. Doucet is a gladiower. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Spicer is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Omalley is an intensier. At the high intensity class, Garza, Spicer, Omalley, and Doucet met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1892
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Reichenbach is a jesher. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Kilmer is a wenbumber. Amend is a spacter. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gault is a quarancer. Reichenbach, Amend, Kilmer, and Gault met at the specialty retail store. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1893
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Abbate is an ointer. Reams is a turper. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Toliver is a dymer. Schmidt is an intensier. At the theater festival, Abbate, Reams, Schmidt, and Toliver started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1894
Grubb is an ointer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fralick is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bahl is an intensier. Bergh is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the restaurant, Fralick, Bergh, Grubb, and Bahl met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1895
Martello is a spacter. Cannata is a jogunder. Orduno is a pinwer. Chain is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the public transport, Cannata, Orduno, Chain, and Martello connected. The public buses are comfortable to ride. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1896
Obrien is a mornisdeiver. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Wetter is a quarancer. Meiners is a jogunder. Gobble is a wenbumber. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the garden, Gobble, Wetter, Meiners, and Obrien ran into each other. The park looks nice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1897
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Disanto is a wenbumber. Driggers is a quarancer. Rustad is a gladiower. Highfield is a pinwer. At the paintball courses, Highfield, Rustad, Driggers, and Disanto ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1898
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Dahn is a pinwer. Purifoy is a jogunder. Spengler is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hutchins is a ceeper. Purifoy, Hutchins, Dahn, and Spengler met at the group vacation. Tours show all the important places in a city. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1899
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Salyers is a jogunder. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Isenberg is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Culler is a motaswer. Hartsfield is an orgemier. At the theater festival, Hartsfield, Isenberg, Culler, and Salyers met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1900
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Poland is a jogunder. Reddy is a spacter. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gebert is a fangher. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Finck is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. At the food court, Gebert, Poland, Reddy, and Finck met. One of the few spots for everyone. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1901
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Stgermain is a wenbumber. Nail is a dymer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Delrosario is an onner. Collard is an oterer. Nail, Delrosario, Collard, and Stgermain met at the comic book expo. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1902
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Hoke is a wenbumber. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Bey is a patalcer. Sego is an orgemier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Scannell is a spacter. Bey, Scannell, Hoke, and Sego met at the food court. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1903
Styers is an ointer. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ramsden is a wenbumber. Camper is a jesher. Damore is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the comic book expo, Styers, Damore, Camper, and Ramsden started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1904
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Weyer is a wenbumber. Cundiff is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Eskridge is a dymer. Ard is a ceeper. At the gallery, Weyer, Ard, Cundiff, and Eskridge ran into each other. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1905
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gilley is a wenbumber. Nunez is a pinwer. Millen is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Wax is a ceeper. At the volunteer organization meet, Gilley, Nunez, Millen, and Wax started a conversation. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1906
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bramwell is a cluker. Clodfelter is a fangher. Blackburn is a spacter. Lintner is an oterer. At the club, Blackburn, Clodfelter, Lintner, and Bramwell met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1907
Riccio is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Linnell is a wenbumber. Bhatti is a mornisdeiver. Oxendine is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the car show, Riccio, Oxendine, Bhatti, and Linnell connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1908
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Vanauken is a spacter. Robeson is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Finke is a gladiower. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Burress is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the boardwalk arcade, Vanauken, Burress, Finke, and Robeson started a conversation. There are some good options for food too. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1909
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Lacourse is a dymer. Villines is a jogunder. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Tunstall is a turper. Edler is an orgemier. At the boardwalk arcade, Lacourse, Tunstall, Edler, and Villines met. The games are a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1910
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pepin is a fangher. Goldberg is an ointer. Portilla is an onner. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gover is a cluker. At the commuter bus, Goldberg, Gover, Pepin, and Portilla connected. Public transportation will have increased transit times. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1911
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bass is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gaylor is a wenbumber. Brunk is a quarancer. Maggard is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the school reunion, Maggard, Brunk, Gaylor, and Bass ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1912
Escalona is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Haight is a quarancer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mcgowan is an ointer. Fryman is a wenbumber. At the specialty retail store, Escalona, Fryman, Haight, and Mcgowan ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1913
Rodriges is a dymer. Gajewski is a jesher. Pursell is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Hilburn is an ointer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the party, Hilburn, Pursell, Rodriges, and Gajewski connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1914
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Slay is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lembo is a wenbumber. Walkup is a motaswer. Dengler is an orgemier. Lembo, Dengler, Slay, and Walkup met at the bus station. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1915
Armendariz is a jesher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Merriam is a dymer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Galyon is an intensier. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hoffman is a patalcer. At the public transport, Merriam, Armendariz, Galyon, and Hoffman started a conversation. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1916
Pippin is an oterer. Conde is a gladiower. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kos is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Winburn is a turper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the networking event, Winburn, Kos, Pippin, and Conde started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1917
The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Korte is an onner. Steinberg is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bednarski is a jesher. Strube is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the cigar bar, Bednarski, Steinberg, Strube, and Korte connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1918
Kandel is a dymer. Seck is an onner. Laduke is a patalcer. Cromer is a wenbumber. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Laduke, Seck, Cromer, and Kandel met at the public transport. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1919
Delatorre is a mornisdeiver. Cusack is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Romig is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Wildman is a cluker. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the charity car wash, Cusack, Romig, Delatorre, and Wildman met. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1920
The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Stam is a jogunder. Lanford is a wenbumber. Reichard is a motaswer. Andino is a patalcer. Reichard, Lanford, Andino, and Stam met at the school reunion. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1921
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Yingling is an ointer. Vessels is a jogunder. Winstead is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Cousineau is a cluker. At the school reunion, Winstead, Yingling, Vessels, and Cousineau started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1922
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Sorrell is a cluker. Bartels is a turper. Hudak is an intensier. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kearney is a spacter. At the networking event, Bartels, Hudak, Kearney, and Sorrell ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1923
Hatchett is an oterer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cribbs is a cluker. Otoole is a jogunder. Stenson is a turper. At the paintball courses, Otoole, Hatchett, Stenson, and Cribbs started a conversation. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1924
Brawner is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Destefano is a motaswer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Valera is an intensier. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lumsden is a pinwer. At the volunteer organization meet, Lumsden, Brawner, Destefano, and Valera connected. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1925
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Lassiter is a spacter. Fogle is an orgemier. Odom is a patalcer. Kahl is a wenbumber. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Fogle, Odom, Kahl, and Lassiter met at the food and drink festival. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1926
Abbate is an orgemier. Searles is a dymer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Vangundy is an oterer. Schurr is a spacter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the improvisation class, Searles, Vangundy, Abbate, and Schurr connected. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1927
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Holub is a gladiower. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Stutzman is a jesher. Nordby is an onner. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Stimpson is a motaswer. Stutzman, Holub, Stimpson, and Nordby met at the club. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1928
Reisman is a mornisdeiver. Viviano is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mackley is a cluker. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fahey is a gladiower. At the rideshare, Viviano, Reisman, Mackley, and Fahey ran into each other. People have different schedules. Ze reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1929
Overall is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Pridgen is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Menges is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wingate is a motaswer. At the archery class, Menges, Overall, Wingate, and Pridgen ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1930
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mellott is a ceeper. Trussell is a spacter. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Guin is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Rosas is a motaswer. At the power yoga class, Rosas, Mellott, Trussell, and Guin connected. Yoga is best done in silence. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1931
Balderrama is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Attaway is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Bun is a gladiower. Hooker is a ceeper. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the gallery, Attaway, Bun, Hooker, and Balderrama met. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1932
Brickley is a fangher. Henshaw is an onner. Carignan is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mangum is a cluker. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the partner dancing classes, Mangum, Brickley, Henshaw, and Carignan met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1933
Bechtold is a patalcer. Dabrowski is a motaswer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Craddock is an intensier. Smyth is a spacter. At the park, Dabrowski, Bechtold, Craddock, and Smyth ran into each other. The park site for more information about the location. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1934
Lattimer is a pinwer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Varma is a spacter. Mccurry is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Aybar is an orgemier. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the boardwalk arcade, Varma, Lattimer, Mccurry, and Aybar connected. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1935
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Arguello is a gladiower. Hoyer is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Horsey is a jogunder. Lamy is a cluker. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the rideshare, Lamy, Arguello, Horsey, and Hoyer started a conversation. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1936
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Devane is an onner. Tardiff is a motaswer. Goto is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sweigart is a mornisdeiver. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the communal dining restaurant, Tardiff, Devane, Goto, and Sweigart ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1937
Surface is a pinwer. Harter is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wojtowicz is a cluker. Ussery is a jogunder. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the car show, Ussery, Wojtowicz, Harter, and Surface ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1938
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Sias is an oterer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Suber is a jesher. Scoggins is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Cottingham is an onner. At the partner dancing classes, Scoggins, Suber, Cottingham, and Sias ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1939
Broaddus is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Millican is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hunsicker is a pinwer. Otwell is a motaswer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the volunteer organization meet, Otwell, Millican, Hunsicker, and Broaddus ran into each other. The best part is that the opportunities for fun and fun are always there in volunteering. They reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1940
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Beckwith is an oterer. Zych is an ointer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Garber is a spacter. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pearcy is a dymer. At the school reunion, Zych, Garber, Beckwith, and Pearcy started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ey reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1941
Pilla is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kovach is a jesher. Poulin is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wootton is a motaswer. At the theater festival, Wootton, Kovach, Poulin, and Pilla started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1942
Jiminez is a jogunder. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Wozniak is an oterer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hemphill is an ointer. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Risner is a cluker. At the market, Risner, Hemphill, Jiminez, and Wozniak ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1943
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Albrecht is a ceeper. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Kuss is a quarancer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Binion is an oterer. Neher is a wenbumber. At the public transport, Albrecht, Binion, Neher, and Kuss met. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1944
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wiltshire is a pinwer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Crase is a mornisdeiver. Deeb is a turper. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fiscus is an ointer. At the party, Fiscus, Deeb, Crase, and Wiltshire met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1945
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Ishii is a gladiower. Baig is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Dombroski is an orgemier. Petty is a pinwer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the power yoga class, Baig, Petty, Ishii, and Dombroski started a conversation. The class starts with a warm - up session. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1946
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Isler is a turper. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Keyser is a pinwer. Avina is a dymer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mandell is a ceeper. At the club, Avina, Mandell, Isler, and Keyser met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1947
Rua is an orgemier. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Irby is an intensier. Barkley is a quarancer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Gast is a fangher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the specialty retail store, Rua, Barkley, Gast, and Irby met. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1948
Eshleman is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Macomber is a cluker. Kilmer is an onner. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Applewhite is a wenbumber. At the job fair, Kilmer, Applewhite, Macomber, and Eshleman met. The event is still underway. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1949
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Straub is a wenbumber. Dungan is an orgemier. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Smiley is a jesher. Youngman is a turper. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Straub, Youngman, Smiley, and Dungan met at the party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1950
Caldera is an ointer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Branstetter is a turper. Whitely is a dymer. Crozier is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the commuter bus, Crozier, Whitely, Caldera, and Branstetter ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1951
The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Canchola is a motaswer. Muszynski is a jogunder. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hollon is a dymer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Sias is a mornisdeiver. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the job fair, Muszynski, Sias, Hollon, and Canchola connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1952
Vicars is a patalcer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Calabrese is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ganz is a wenbumber. Bormann is a gladiower. At the rideshare, Calabrese, Ganz, Vicars, and Bormann started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1953
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Asencio is a jogunder. Culwell is a gladiower. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Brame is a ceeper. Villalvazo is a pinwer. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the car show, Culwell, Villalvazo, Brame, and Asencio ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1954
Tsang is a turper. Najera is a fangher. Litman is an intensier. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Krier is a wenbumber. At the bus station, Krier, Najera, Tsang, and Litman started a conversation. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1955
Mcnatt is an orgemier. Pisciotta is a ceeper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Styers is an onner. Tinch is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the rideshare, Styers, Pisciotta, Mcnatt, and Tinch connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1956
Lobb is an onner. Thigpen is an intensier. Arbogast is a jesher. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Heiden is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Lobb, Heiden, Arbogast, and Thigpen met at the improvisation class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1957
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Filer is an ointer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Balasubramanian is a jesher. Szczepanski is a cluker. Zhang is a pinwer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Balasubramanian, Filer, Zhang, and Szczepanski met at the park. The park is beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1958
The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Whipkey is a jogunder. Burgard is a mornisdeiver. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sugar is a patalcer. Bloss is a ceeper. At the communal dining restaurant, Whipkey, Burgard, Bloss, and Sugar met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1959
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Engelmann is an intensier. Calabrese is a fangher. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Orantes is an ointer. Shiner is a dymer. At the networking event, Engelmann, Shiner, Calabrese, and Orantes started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1960
The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Dejong is a gladiower. Mcelfresh is a ceeper. Pinter is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Healey is a jogunder. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the boardwalk arcade, Pinter, Healey, Dejong, and Mcelfresh started a conversation. The city is a great place to find something to do. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1961
Pedigo is a jesher. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mastroianni is a turper. Towles is a jogunder. Stickler is an oterer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the subway, Mastroianni, Towles, Pedigo, and Stickler ran into each other. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1962
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Snelson is a fangher. Porath is an ointer. Boley is a gladiower. Mun is a turper. At the park, Snelson, Porath, Mun, and Boley met. The park is very peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1963
Falconer is a jesher. Fein is a quarancer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Medellin is a pinwer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gerst is a patalcer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the volunteer organization meet, Gerst, Fein, Medellin, and Falconer met. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1964
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Waddle is a gladiower. Gardea is a dymer. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Meurer is an orgemier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. Mallari is a jogunder. Gardea, Mallari, Waddle, and Meurer met at the party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1965
The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gao is a cluker. Hopson is a spacter. Rosete is an oterer. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Helvey is a dymer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the party, Helvey, Hopson, Rosete, and Gao met. The party is going to be full. They reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1966
Somers is a motaswer. Knapp is a wenbumber. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Wallin is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Pliego is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the specialty retail store, Somers, Knapp, Pliego, and Wallin started a conversation. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1967
The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Osowski is a turper. Hewes is a jogunder. East is a ceeper. Lassiter is an intensier. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. At the park, East, Hewes, Osowski, and Lassiter connected. The birds are wild and hungry! He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1968
Blood is a patalcer. Castelo is an ointer. Murrell is a pinwer. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Langworthy is an onner. Langworthy, Blood, Murrell, and Castelo met at the charity car wash. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1969
Schley is a turper. Hornbeck is an ointer. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pedersen is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Spagnuolo is a pinwer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the group vacation, Pedersen, Spagnuolo, Hornbeck, and Schley met. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1970
Crisostomo is a pinwer. Mahoney is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hulbert is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Berg is a mornisdeiver. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the car show, Hulbert, Crisostomo, Mahoney, and Berg connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1971
The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Garofalo is a mornisdeiver. Knowlton is a wenbumber. Valera is a spacter. Rank is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. At the museum, Knowlton, Valera, Garofalo, and Rank met. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1972
The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mori is a mornisdeiver. Steptoe is a dymer. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Smock is a cluker. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pettey is a pinwer. At the charity car wash, Mori, Smock, Steptoe, and Pettey started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1973
The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Paramore is a gladiower. Deutsch is an intensier. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Mccluskey is an onner. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lasater is a cluker. At the theater festival, Deutsch, Lasater, Paramore, and Mccluskey met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1974
Hardaway is a quarancer. Vacca is an intensier. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Peltier is a spacter. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Sydnor is a pinwer. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the cigar bar, Sydnor, Peltier, Vacca, and Hardaway ran into each other. The beer is excellent. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1975
Goldner is a gladiower. Tamez is a quarancer. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stuckey is a patalcer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Mattice is a ceeper. At the theater festival, Tamez, Mattice, Goldner, and Stuckey met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1976
Pisciotta is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Boozer is a patalcer. Wunderlich is a fangher. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Conant is an oterer. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Pisciotta, Conant, Wunderlich, and Boozer met at the paintball courses. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1977
The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mertes is a gladiower. Cales is a cluker. Seabrook is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Almodovar is a fangher. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the park, Cales, Seabrook, Mertes, and Almodovar met. The birds are wild and hungry! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1978
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Koza is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Henshaw is a gladiower. Hornbeck is a cluker. Holbrook is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the volunteer work, Henshaw, Koza, Holbrook, and Hornbeck met. To participate, the participants must have a working record. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1979
Riffle is a dymer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Babineau is a turper. Mok is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Tollefson is a jesher. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the communal dining restaurant, Babineau, Riffle, Mok, and Tollefson started a conversation. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1980
Haugh is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Andino is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Friedel is an ointer. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Spinney is a cluker. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the power yoga class, Friedel, Haugh, Andino, and Spinney ran into each other. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1981
The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Reitz is an orgemier. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wear is a mornisdeiver. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Frandsen is a cluker. Mcdow is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Frandsen, Reitz, Mcdow, and Wear met at the bus station. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1982
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mertes is a patalcer. Edens is a dymer. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Sego is a jesher. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Schacht is a quarancer. At the market, Schacht, Mertes, Edens, and Sego ran into each other. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. They reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1983
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lemus is an orgemier. Pearcy is an onner. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Stecker is a motaswer. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. Eames is a dymer. At the job fair, Lemus, Eames, Pearcy, and Stecker started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1984
Secrest is a quarancer. Frechette is a motaswer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Rakowski is a fangher. The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Umstead is a wenbumber. At the boardwalk arcade, Secrest, Umstead, Frechette, and Rakowski met. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. Ze told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1985
Tejada is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an intensier is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Stabler is a spacter. Cutlip is an intensier. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Eanes is a mornisdeiver. At the car show, Cutlip, Stabler, Tejada, and Eanes connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1986
The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rizzo is a jesher. Hertz is a patalcer. Zych is a cluker. Dolezal is a spacter. Zych, Dolezal, Rizzo, and Hertz met at the charity car wash. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1987
Koning is a gladiower. Yount is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sova is an oterer. Khuu is an onner. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the cigar bar, Koning, Yount, Khuu, and Sova connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1988
The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bunker is an onner. Tejada is an orgemier. Eskridge is an ointer. Dunaway is a turper. The work of an onner is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. At the specialty retail store, Bunker, Dunaway, Tejada, and Eskridge met. The market is a big source of income for many people. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1989
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Straughn is a spacter. Tousignant is a jesher. Witzel is a pinwer. Leininger is a patalcer. Leininger, Tousignant, Straughn, and Witzel met at the subway. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1990
Purvis is a gladiower. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Barb is a dymer. Reichard is a turper. Gade is a spacter. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. At the restaurant, Barb, Gade, Purvis, and Reichard started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1991
Juergens is a ceeper. The work of a cluker is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Severt is a spacter. Rockwood is a turper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Hyder is a cluker. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the charity car wash, Severt, Juergens, Rockwood, and Hyder met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1992
The work of a fangher is working with the money and accounts of a company. Goudy is a jesher. Oram is a jogunder. Chewning is a fangher. Whipkey is a mornisdeiver. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a jesher is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the food co-op, Goudy, Chewning, Whipkey, and Oram started a conversation. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. Ey reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1993
The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a jogunder is working with electric circuits. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. Proctor is a gladiower. Phipps is a ceeper. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. Nantz is a pinwer. Menard is a jogunder. At the group vacation, Proctor, Menard, Phipps, and Nantz started a conversation. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1994
The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rambo is a gladiower. Kepple is a mornisdeiver. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Mcqueen is a spacter. Boothby is a quarancer. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the improvisation class, Kepple, Mcqueen, Rambo, and Boothby ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1995
Ronning is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mchugh is a patalcer. Dietrick is a gladiower. The work of a gladiower is giving lectures in a university. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Pack is a mornisdeiver. At the museum, Dietrick, Ronning, Pack, and Mchugh ran into each other. Museums are definitely not boring! She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1996
Inniss is an ointer. The work of an ointer is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lucchesi is a spacter. The work of a spacter is working in a factory. Procter is a mornisdeiver. Matherly is a turper. At the bus station, Procter, Inniss, Matherly, and Lucchesi connected. Public transports are easy to find. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1997
Corum is a turper. Brathwaite is a mornisdeiver. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a patalcer is driving buses. Mcglothlin is a quarancer. Bancroft is a patalcer. The work of a quarancer is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mornisdeiver is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Corum, Mcglothlin, Bancroft, and Brathwaite met at the market. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1998
The work of an orgemier is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a ceeper is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a wenbumber is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Iniguez is an orgemier. Gunnels is a wenbumber. The work of an oterer is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Humble is an oterer. Araiza is a ceeper. At the rideshare, Humble, Iniguez, Gunnels, and Araiza connected. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-charfict-real/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1999
The work of a dymer is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mckellar is a motaswer. The work of a turper is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Vannoy is a turper. Ficklin is a pinwer. The work of a pinwer is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Swoboda is a dymer. The work of a motaswer is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the paintball courses, Swoboda, Mckellar, Vannoy, and Ficklin connected. The class has interesting sessions. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.
