kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:0
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Quill is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Morse is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rada is a nurse. Huguley is a teacher. At the commuter bus, Quill, Rada, Huguley, and Morse connected. Public transports are eco-friendly. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lauver is a nurse. Toft is an optician. Zimmermann is a carpenter. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Woodruff is a traffic warden. At the food and drink festival, Zimmermann, Toft, Lauver, and Woodruff connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:2
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Bakken is a bus driver. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Hipps is a chef. Carrizales is a nurse. Minch is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the gallery opening event, Bakken, Hipps, Carrizales, and Minch connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:3
Spilman is an optician. Parmelee is a traffic warden. Suzuki is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Moulton is a carpenter. At the food and drink festival, Parmelee, Moulton, Suzuki, and Spilman ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:4
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Llerena is a newsreader. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Suzuki is a model. Given is a traffic warden. Tinkham is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the school reunion, Tinkham, Given, Llerena, and Suzuki ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:5
Grizzard is a dentist. Mcentire is a newsreader. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Burkett is a factory worker. Symons is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Symons, Grizzard, Burkett, and Mcentire met at the social community gathering. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:6
Greathouse is a traffic warden. Dockery is a teacher. Morton is a dentist. Schwabe is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the food and drink festival, Greathouse, Schwabe, Dockery, and Morton connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:7
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Dockery is a teacher. Abed is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Wardwell is a dentist. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Fankhauser is a model. At the book club, Dockery, Wardwell, Fankhauser, and Abed met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:8
Pepe is a stocking associate. Reddick is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hoffmeister is a mechanic. Segrest is a lifeguard. At the dog park, Reddick, Segrest, Pepe, and Hoffmeister met. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:9
Pauli is a stocking associate. Hoover is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bridgman is an optician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lawrie is a factory worker. At the beach, Bridgman, Pauli, Lawrie, and Hoover started a conversation. The beach is full of a sense of awe and awe - inspiring beauty. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:10
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gonzales is a chef. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Heidelberg is a teacher. Twomey is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Byrne is a plumber. At the dance class, Byrne, Heidelberg, Twomey, and Gonzales ran into each other. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:11
Raker is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Glade is an optician. Harney is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Duda is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the bar crawl, Raker, Duda, Glade, and Harney met. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:12
Shelnutt is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Sumter is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Tribble is a carpenter. Massengill is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the book club, Tribble, Sumter, Shelnutt, and Massengill ran into each other. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:13
Newburn is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Horak is a plumber. Collett is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Aliff is an electrician. At the gallery opening event, Collett, Newburn, Aliff, and Horak ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:14
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Garey is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Whidden is an optician. Hilaire is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Short is a factory worker. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the restaurant, Garey, Hilaire, Short, and Whidden started a conversation. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:15
Mungia is a plumber. Lindholm is a lecturer. Sikorski is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Esslinger is a teacher. Mungia, Esslinger, Lindholm, and Sikorski met at the power yoga class. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:16
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Housley is a traffic warden. Divito is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Akey is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hambrick is a newsreader. Akey, Hambrick, Divito, and Housley met at the social community gathering. The place is very beautiful. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:17
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Thweatt is a factory worker. Freitas is a carpenter. Mroz is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Drennan is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the beach, Thweatt, Drennan, Freitas, and Mroz connected. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. Ze reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:18
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Kellett is a stocking associate. Ni is a mechanic. Kue is a traffic warden. Janowski is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the charity car wash, Kue, Kellett, Ni, and Janowski connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:19
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Poston is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Raker is an accountant. Morrill is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Luft is a lecturer. At the design expo, Morrill, Raker, Luft, and Poston connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:20
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Foley is an electrician. Vuong is a factory worker. Rhee is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Fortner is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rhee, Foley, Vuong, and Fortner met at the cooking class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:21
Howley is an electrician. Geist is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lathrop is a model. Seawright is a dentist. Geist, Lathrop, Seawright, and Howley met at the business expo. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:22
Manor is a factory worker. Swinehart is a bus driver. Summerville is an optician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Miner is a model. Summerville, Miner, Swinehart, and Manor met at the retreat. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:23
Quast is a labourer. Belt is a chef. Mcnutt is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Estep is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the theater festival, Quast, Mcnutt, Belt, and Estep started a conversation. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:24
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Bernhardt is a chef. Bednar is an electrician. Mott is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Becton is a teacher. At the bar, Mott, Bernhardt, Bednar, and Becton started a conversation. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:25
Brandel is a dentist. Staab is a chef. Quast is an accountant. Zendejas is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the party, Quast, Brandel, Zendejas, and Staab ran into each other. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:26
Diemer is an accountant. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ducharme is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bassham is a dentist. Paladino is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the dog park, Bassham, Ducharme, Diemer, and Paladino connected. The park looks nice. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:27
Laskowski is a model. Siebert is a carpenter. Scoles is a plumber. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Weitzel is an optician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the food and drink festival, Laskowski, Scoles, Weitzel, and Siebert started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:28
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Tuazon is an electrician. Gladfelter is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Fenster is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Lu is a lifeguard. At the music festival, Tuazon, Lu, Fenster, and Gladfelter met. It is open to the public. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:29
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Tupper is a labourer. Felten is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Rentz is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Deguzman is a chef. At the party, Tupper, Deguzman, Felten, and Rentz met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:30
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Bhakta is an optician. Sherrill is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lebo is a model. Plumb is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the retreat, Plumb, Lebo, Sherrill, and Bhakta started a conversation. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:31
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Sproles is a labourer. Coghlan is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Pylant is a traffic warden. Haas is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the local talk, Haas, Sproles, Coghlan, and Pylant started a conversation. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:32
Smock is a model. Rupe is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Reif is a dentist. Moats is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the restaurant, Reif, Moats, Smock, and Rupe ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:33
Mcpeek is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Behnke is an electrician. Harrelson is an accountant. Cardella is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the design expo, Harrelson, Behnke, Mcpeek, and Cardella started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:34
Bizzell is a labourer. Burciaga is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Fetzer is an electrician. Mclachlan is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the holiday party, Bizzell, Mclachlan, Fetzer, and Burciaga met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:35
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ouzts is a lecturer. Alvey is a teacher. Peloquin is a traffic warden. Peach is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the wedding, Peloquin, Peach, Alvey, and Ouzts met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:36
Deckert is a nurse. Byerly is a dentist. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Kirchoff is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kind is a labourer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kirchoff, Kind, Deckert, and Byerly met at the halloweeen party. The party is free entry for everyone. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:37
Tansey is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hedge is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Klotz is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gear is an electrician. At the grocery store, Klotz, Hedge, Gear, and Tansey started a conversation. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:38
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Farrington is a traffic warden. Ocana is an optician. Alatorre is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Edens is a teacher. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the hotel, Farrington, Ocana, Alatorre, and Edens ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:39
Stroup is a traffic warden. Armitage is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Legendre is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Lipe is a mechanic. At the restaurant, Armitage, Stroup, Lipe, and Legendre met. The place was crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:40
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Talbott is a labourer. Horvath is a lecturer. Lamm is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Donegan is a model. At the open gallery museum, Horvath, Lamm, Talbott, and Donegan met. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:41
Stolte is a mechanic. Tebo is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Grubbs is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bednarz is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the retreat, Stolte, Grubbs, Bednarz, and Tebo met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:42
Buckmaster is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Overbey is a teacher. Petre is an electrician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Theus is a plumber. At the bar, Buckmaster, Theus, Petre, and Overbey connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:43
Vandyke is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Huggins is a lifeguard. Snider is a stocking associate. Manwaring is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the food and drink festival, Manwaring, Snider, Vandyke, and Huggins started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:44
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Popovich is a hairdresser. Midkiff is an accountant. Auman is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Shaffer is an optician. At the gallery opening event, Auman, Midkiff, Shaffer, and Popovich started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:45
Popa is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Garden is a hairdresser. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Pegues is a carpenter. Ponce is an accountant. Ponce, Pegues, Popa, and Garden met at the grocery store. The market is divided into sub-markets. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:46
Starks is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Chon is a model. Slezak is a bus driver. Marenco is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the halloweeen party, Marenco, Starks, Slezak, and Chon met. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:47
Culbert is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Wile is a teacher. Hartzler is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bise is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the design expo, Culbert, Bise, Hartzler, and Wile ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:48
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wiese is a lifeguard. Guymon is an electrician. Burger is an accountant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Winkelman is a plumber. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the gallery, Burger, Guymon, Winkelman, and Wiese ran into each other. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:49
Sturdevant is a dentist. Gress is a newsreader. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lalli is an electrician. Xie is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Xie, Gress, Sturdevant, and Lalli met at the bar crawl. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:50
Biondi is a teacher. Zhao is a newsreader. Krone is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Higuera is a nurse. Biondi, Higuera, Krone, and Zhao met at the dance class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:51
Luff is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Bolan is a factory worker. Cannella is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Rochester is a mechanic. At the bar crawl, Bolan, Cannella, Rochester, and Luff started a conversation. Tours help one discover the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:52
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ledgerwood is a plumber. Buller is a newsreader. Livesay is a stocking associate. Hibbard is a dentist. At the subway, Buller, Livesay, Hibbard, and Ledgerwood ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:53
Wichmann is a newsreader. Mancha is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Thies is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Woessner is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the halloweeen party, Wichmann, Woessner, Thies, and Mancha started a conversation. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:54
Lutz is a traffic warden. Mooneyham is a bus driver. Palko is an accountant. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Eidson is a dentist. At the charity car wash, Mooneyham, Palko, Eidson, and Lutz ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:55
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lehmann is a dentist. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Saporito is a carpenter. Risch is a labourer. Aldridge is a lecturer. At the gallery, Lehmann, Aldridge, Saporito, and Risch started a conversation. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:56
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Watts is a chef. Siebert is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Firth is a factory worker. Marinelli is a bus driver. Watts, Marinelli, Firth, and Siebert met at the food and drink festival. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:57
Henrichs is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Pardo is a chef. Gover is a newsreader. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Boulton is a model. At the theater festival, Gover, Pardo, Boulton, and Henrichs ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:58
Guffey is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lukens is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Engstrom is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fye is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the halloweeen party, Lukens, Engstrom, Guffey, and Fye met. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:59
Wing is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Almazan is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Deemer is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Lyles is a labourer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the cigar bar, Lyles, Almazan, Wing, and Deemer met. The place is nice. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:60
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Beam is an accountant. Guel is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Begay is a factory worker. Byer is a lecturer. At the cooking class, Byer, Begay, Beam, and Guel connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:61
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gant is a traffic warden. Artman is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Macfarland is a mechanic. Liggins is a labourer. At the bar, Macfarland, Artman, Liggins, and Gant ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:62
Espinoza is a lecturer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gover is a chef. Spradling is a mechanic. Louissaint is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Espinoza, Spradling, Louissaint, and Gover met at the local talk. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:63
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Deshong is an optician. Grice is a bus driver. Schooler is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hersey is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the retreat, Grice, Deshong, Schooler, and Hersey ran into each other. The party is also filled by the band. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:64
Pascarella is a dentist. Best is a chef. Flanigan is a teacher. Roudebush is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the business expo, Roudebush, Flanigan, Pascarella, and Best started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:65
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Makin is a hairdresser. Palma is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Midgley is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Pitt is a chef. Pitt, Midgley, Makin, and Palma met at the cooking class. This class has amazing outcomes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:66
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mixon is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Inocencio is a labourer. Claros is an electrician. Borland is a model. At the gallery, Mixon, Borland, Claros, and Inocencio connected. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:67
Steen is an accountant. Kea is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Catania is an optician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Tanguay is a dentist. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the dance class, Kea, Steen, Catania, and Tanguay connected. The class is fun! They reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:68
Pell is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Benway is a factory worker. Yanes is a model. Redfield is a traffic warden. At the social community gathering, Pell, Yanes, Benway, and Redfield ran into each other. The place is very beautiful. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:69
Padula is a chef. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Keele is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Andresen is an optician. Resch is a dentist. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Keele, Resch, Padula, and Andresen met at the bar crawl. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. Ze told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:70
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Schoonmaker is a plumber. Critchfield is an optician. Heintzelman is a bus driver. Beedle is a newsreader. Schoonmaker, Heintzelman, Critchfield, and Beedle met at the commuter bus. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:71
Leitch is a factory worker. Snavely is a plumber. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fenley is a model. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gaddis is a newsreader. At the gallery, Leitch, Snavely, Fenley, and Gaddis met. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. They reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:72
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Vuong is a chef. Fouch is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lott is an accountant. Kosinski is a carpenter. At the bar crawl, Fouch, Vuong, Kosinski, and Lott started a conversation. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:73
Beecham is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Darr is an optician. Nazarian is a lifeguard. Holmstrom is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the grocery store, Darr, Holmstrom, Nazarian, and Beecham met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:74
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Vanbrunt is a mechanic. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Chrzanowski is a chef. Bluhm is a lifeguard. Pride is an optician. At the boardwalk arcade, Vanbrunt, Chrzanowski, Pride, and Bluhm connected. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:75
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hatten is an accountant. Saltsman is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Castellon is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Fleet is a model. At the local talk, Castellon, Fleet, Hatten, and Saltsman started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:76
Sannicolas is a teacher. Reif is a plumber. Deem is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Riney is a nurse. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the open gallery museum, Sannicolas, Riney, Reif, and Deem started a conversation. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:77
Wiseman is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Macpherson is a lecturer. Doan is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ertel is a hairdresser. Wiseman, Doan, Macpherson, and Ertel met at the social community gathering. It is important to work together. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:78
Porath is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Procopio is a plumber. Yuhas is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Talbert is an accountant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the subway, Yuhas, Procopio, Porath, and Talbert connected. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:79
Sepulveda is a lecturer. Ammons is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Miele is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Fossum is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the local talk, Sepulveda, Miele, Fossum, and Ammons ran into each other. It is open to the public. They reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:80
Masse is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Soohoo is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bretz is a hairdresser. Coss is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the dance class, Soohoo, Masse, Bretz, and Coss connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:81
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Midgette is an electrician. Hankinson is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ekstrom is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcentire is a newsreader. Hankinson, Ekstrom, Midgette, and Mcentire met at the school reunion. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:82
Alarcon is a chef. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Alpizar is a mechanic. Worley is an optician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Umanzor is a nurse. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the social community gathering, Umanzor, Alarcon, Alpizar, and Worley started a conversation. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:83
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bhattacharya is a nurse. Yepes is an electrician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mallari is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Shanahan is a hairdresser. At the music festival, Yepes, Bhattacharya, Shanahan, and Mallari connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:84
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kouba is an optician. Sylvain is a mechanic. Negri is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Aurand is a nurse. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the specialty retail store, Sylvain, Aurand, Negri, and Kouba ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:85
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Wurst is a dentist. Janicki is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hibbert is a factory worker. Murley is a teacher. At the bar, Janicki, Hibbert, Murley, and Wurst met. The coffee cake is quite good. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:86
Bednar is an accountant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Divito is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Chasteen is a plumber. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Crocker is a bus driver. At the food and drink festival, Crocker, Chasteen, Bednar, and Divito connected. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:87
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Briseno is an accountant. Dunson is a dentist. Haji is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Teixeira is a plumber. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the restaurant, Dunson, Teixeira, Briseno, and Haji started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:88
Hornbuckle is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Walpole is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Palmateer is a nurse. Veliz is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the hotel, Hornbuckle, Veliz, Palmateer, and Walpole connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:89
Garlick is an optician. Bibbs is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Meche is a newsreader. Newlin is a labourer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the open mic night, Meche, Bibbs, Newlin, and Garlick started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:90
Glidewell is a model. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Kear is a mechanic. Potts is an electrician. Houpt is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the business expo, Potts, Glidewell, Kear, and Houpt connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:91
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Belding is an optician. Rosner is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Kreiser is a traffic warden. Forte is a model. Kreiser, Belding, Forte, and Rosner met at the gallery opening event. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:92
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gaughan is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Gossard is a carpenter. Abed is a stocking associate. Huffer is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Huffer, Abed, Gossard, and Gaughan met at the dance class. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:93
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Wahlstrom is a labourer. Clavijo is a carpenter. Forbes is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Slough is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the beach, Wahlstrom, Forbes, Clavijo, and Slough ran into each other. The ocean is peaceful. Ze reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:94
Zaidi is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Inocencio is a dentist. Kaminski is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Woodruff is a factory worker. At the cigar bar, Inocencio, Zaidi, Kaminski, and Woodruff connected. The coffee cake is quite good. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:95
Boland is a nurse. Bergren is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Howton is an electrician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Smolinski is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the gallery opening event, Boland, Howton, Bergren, and Smolinski met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:96
Maberry is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Grigoryan is a model. Corrao is a stocking associate. Pitt is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the specialty retail store, Pitt, Grigoryan, Maberry, and Corrao started a conversation. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:97
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Spivak is a stocking associate. Stamps is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wilmes is a chef. Whisenhunt is a lifeguard. Whisenhunt, Stamps, Spivak, and Wilmes met at the restaurant. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:98
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mayoral is a lecturer. Mcclary is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Pinkham is a plumber. Vannoy is a newsreader. Pinkham, Vannoy, Mcclary, and Mayoral met at the local talk. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:99
Schreiber is a factory worker. Cancel is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gibbon is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Hawes is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the halloweeen party, Cancel, Schreiber, Gibbon, and Hawes met. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:100
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Konieczny is a labourer. Capellan is a chef. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Yohn is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Drapeau is a dentist. Drapeau, Konieczny, Yohn, and Capellan met at the grocery store. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:101
Rohr is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Reh is a teacher. Overfield is a nurse. Lewellen is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the gallery, Overfield, Rohr, Lewellen, and Reh met. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:102
Fitzhugh is a teacher. Caperton is a dentist. Gelman is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Toro is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the hotel, Caperton, Fitzhugh, Gelman, and Toro ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:103
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Sites is a model. Dockery is a labourer. Stringer is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Forth is a plumber. Dockery, Forth, Sites, and Stringer met at the specialty retail store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:104
Hood is a dentist. Brackin is a model. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Livesay is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Capehart is a hairdresser. At the bar, Livesay, Brackin, Hood, and Capehart ran into each other. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:105
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Steveson is a stocking associate. Trosclair is a carpenter. Defrancisco is a plumber. Vaca is an optician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the hotel, Vaca, Trosclair, Defrancisco, and Steveson started a conversation. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:106
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Thedford is a chef. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Heider is a labourer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Antuna is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Akin is a newsreader. At the school reunion, Akin, Antuna, Thedford, and Heider met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:107
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Bombard is an optician. Ishii is a nurse. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Diggs is a labourer. Rembert is a bus driver. At the specialty retail store, Diggs, Ishii, Bombard, and Rembert connected. The market is a big source of income for many people. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:108
Stripling is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Whitacre is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Bellard is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Still is a labourer. At the boardwalk arcade, Stripling, Bellard, Still, and Whitacre connected. A lot of games have many different endings. They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:109
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Esch is an accountant. Zielinski is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lappin is a plumber. Applegate is a newsreader. At the power yoga class, Zielinski, Esch, Lappin, and Applegate ran into each other. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:110
Weng is an electrician. Cargill is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Pidgeon is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Thedford is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the music festival, Cargill, Thedford, Pidgeon, and Weng connected. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:111
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Huizenga is an electrician. Denney is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Foss is a traffic warden. Deakins is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Foss, Deakins, Huizenga, and Denney met at the dance class. The class has interesting sessions. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:112
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mcpartland is a lecturer. Elsey is a stocking associate. Grams is a hairdresser. Hultman is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the book club, Elsey, Hultman, Grams, and Mcpartland ran into each other. Book clubs help expand social circles. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:113
Drapeau is a carpenter. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Salters is a bus driver. Leal is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mckeen is a chef. Leal, Drapeau, Mckeen, and Salters met at the bar crawl. Tours help one discover the city. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:114
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Harbin is a model. Gabbard is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Toor is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mcgrail is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the open gallery museum, Gabbard, Mcgrail, Toor, and Harbin met. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:115
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hinds is a nurse. States is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Breault is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Abrego is a plumber. Breault, Hinds, States, and Abrego met at the subway. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:116
Buhler is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bargo is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Munson is a model. Sain is a nurse. At the holiday party, Munson, Buhler, Bargo, and Sain started a conversation. The party is going to be full. Ze told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:117
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Menon is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Brandel is a newsreader. Hamada is a teacher. Nemeth is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the holiday party, Nemeth, Menon, Brandel, and Hamada met. The party is also filled by the band. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:118
Hutcherson is a dentist. Weibel is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Zendejas is a hairdresser. Cronk is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the restaurant, Cronk, Zendejas, Hutcherson, and Weibel met. The coffee tea is great. Ze reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:119
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Lundy is a hairdresser. Petrie is a stocking associate. Rohr is a labourer. Schmelzer is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the subway, Lundy, Schmelzer, Petrie, and Rohr met. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:120
Soderberg is a lifeguard. Western is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ault is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Coons is a teacher. At the halloweeen party, Coons, Western, Soderberg, and Ault met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:121
Kratzer is a newsreader. Yilmaz is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hilson is a mechanic. Reh is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the food and drink festival, Kratzer, Hilson, Yilmaz, and Reh met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:122
Hagerty is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Naughton is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Defelice is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Lu is a carpenter. At the subway, Hagerty, Lu, Defelice, and Naughton met. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:123
Reames is a chef. Ito is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Loyola is a mechanic. Midgett is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the boardwalk arcade, Reames, Ito, Midgett, and Loyola met. There are some good options for food too. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:124
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Wojcik is a carpenter. Downer is an optician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Brey is a lifeguard. Chilton is a nurse. Chilton, Downer, Wojcik, and Brey met at the dog park. The park is very peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:125
Latshaw is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ke is an electrician. Millsaps is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Pelley is an accountant. At the school reunion, Pelley, Ke, Latshaw, and Millsaps met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:126
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bollman is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Callas is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Parada is a chef. Chafin is an optician. At the retreat, Callas, Bollman, Chafin, and Parada met. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:127
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Urquiza is a nurse. Foley is an optician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gittens is an accountant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pharr is a traffic warden. At the book club, Pharr, Urquiza, Gittens, and Foley connected. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:128
Pender is a carpenter. Richerson is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lampert is a hairdresser. Traylor is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the school reunion, Richerson, Lampert, Traylor, and Pender connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:129
Lohman is a hairdresser. Roybal is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Wentworth is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Everhart is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the design expo, Lohman, Roybal, Everhart, and Wentworth met. The event is still underway. Ey told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:130
Bushee is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Reader is an optician. Maresca is a mechanic. Kravitz is a stocking associate. Kravitz, Bushee, Maresca, and Reader met at the open gallery museum. Museums are great places to learn about culture. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:131
Mikesell is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lefler is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Woodring is a nurse. Monk is a carpenter. Lefler, Monk, Mikesell, and Woodring met at the gallery. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:132
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hertzog is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Harner is an electrician. Holliman is a lecturer. Hagemann is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hagemann, Harner, Holliman, and Hertzog met at the retreat. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:133
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bourg is a factory worker. Perkins is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Pridgen is an electrician. Levis is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the party, Bourg, Perkins, Levis, and Pridgen connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:134
Pauly is a newsreader. Sommerfeld is a chef. Parsons is a bus driver. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Watanabe is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Parsons, Pauly, Watanabe, and Sommerfeld met at the hotel. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:135
Schlenker is a bus driver. Nicks is a newsreader. Panos is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lambdin is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the open mic night, Schlenker, Panos, Lambdin, and Nicks connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:136
Gossard is a traffic warden. Coachman is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Rampersad is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lovelace is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the retreat, Lovelace, Rampersad, Gossard, and Coachman connected. The party is free entry for everyone. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:137
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Kittle is a nurse. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Nevins is a chef. Zapata is an optician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Dowell is a labourer. At the school reunion, Nevins, Zapata, Dowell, and Kittle ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:138
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Dulin is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hurst is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Korn is a labourer. Keener is a factory worker. Korn, Dulin, Hurst, and Keener met at the bar crawl. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:139
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Wittig is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nobile is an accountant. Renzi is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Eckhart is a newsreader. At the subway, Nobile, Renzi, Eckhart, and Wittig met. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:140
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Oconner is a bus driver. Scheerer is a hairdresser. Smock is a carpenter. Sugg is an accountant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the food and drink festival, Scheerer, Sugg, Oconner, and Smock ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:141
Kramer is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Eaddy is a stocking associate. Morse is a dentist. Gorden is a nurse. At the bar, Gorden, Kramer, Eaddy, and Morse started a conversation. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:142
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wafer is a labourer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Beauford is an optician. Atkinson is an electrician. Demott is a traffic warden. At the local talk, Atkinson, Wafer, Beauford, and Demott met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:143
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Gau is a carpenter. Gulati is a chef. Dysart is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcsorley is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the power yoga class, Mcsorley, Gulati, Gau, and Dysart ran into each other. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:144
Mellen is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Balcom is a carpenter. Ponce is an accountant. Sowers is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the bar, Ponce, Balcom, Mellen, and Sowers ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. Ey reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:145
Hering is an optician. Settle is a model. Martone is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Arrowood is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the social community gathering, Settle, Arrowood, Martone, and Hering ran into each other. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:146
Troutt is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Vacca is an optician. Norvell is an electrician. Brokaw is a nurse. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the gallery opening event, Brokaw, Norvell, Vacca, and Troutt ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:147
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Auman is a plumber. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sandlin is a carpenter. Foskey is an electrician. Stahlman is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the halloweeen party, Stahlman, Foskey, Sandlin, and Auman started a conversation. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:148
Pelletier is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Vasques is a nurse. Ibarra is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mcmullen is a lifeguard. At the school reunion, Ibarra, Pelletier, Mcmullen, and Vasques connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:149
Uhler is a labourer. Lupo is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Lemanski is an accountant. Houser is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the local talk, Lemanski, Lupo, Uhler, and Houser ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:150
Bandy is a nurse. Mastrangelo is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Terranova is a traffic warden. Ruffino is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the house party, Mastrangelo, Ruffino, Terranova, and Bandy met. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:151
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Barger is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Deere is a nurse. Isaacson is a dentist. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Lindgren is a chef. At the social community gathering, Isaacson, Lindgren, Deere, and Barger started a conversation. It is important to work together. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:152
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Abrego is a traffic warden. Searls is a lifeguard. Swart is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pinnock is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the holiday party, Pinnock, Abrego, Swart, and Searls ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:153
Cutting is an accountant. Obrien is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Debord is a stocking associate. Plumley is a dentist. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the gallery opening event, Cutting, Plumley, Debord, and Obrien met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:154
Duby is a factory worker. Fisk is a nurse. Osterberg is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Flippin is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the gallery opening event, Duby, Fisk, Flippin, and Osterberg met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:155
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Mares is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hills is a chef. Witham is a factory worker. Carlile is an accountant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the school reunion, Witham, Hills, Mares, and Carlile ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:156
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Christiansen is a mechanic. Tutor is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Miraglia is a chef. Huizar is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Christiansen, Tutor, Miraglia, and Huizar met at the grocery store. Markets are full of surprises! She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:157
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Sweeten is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Huskey is a lecturer. Eisenhart is a chef. Mckiernan is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the specialty retail store, Sweeten, Eisenhart, Huskey, and Mckiernan connected. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:158
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lawrie is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Shoup is an accountant. Sutherland is a lifeguard. Howton is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Sutherland, Lawrie, Shoup, and Howton met at the power yoga class. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:159
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Jacobsen is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Gangi is a nurse. Costilla is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Shivers is a chef. At the school reunion, Jacobsen, Shivers, Costilla, and Gangi started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:160
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Staab is a factory worker. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hewlett is an optician. Emmons is a plumber. Trost is a lifeguard. At the food and drink festival, Emmons, Staab, Trost, and Hewlett ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:161
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Wight is a teacher. Hildebrand is a factory worker. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Geissler is a lecturer. Nelsen is a nurse. At the music festival, Wight, Hildebrand, Geissler, and Nelsen met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:162
Cheever is a hairdresser. Brandel is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Tindall is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Oneal is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the wedding, Oneal, Cheever, Brandel, and Tindall started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:163
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hurd is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mannion is a nurse. Tabron is an electrician. Mccaulley is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the charity car wash, Tabron, Hurd, Mannion, and Mccaulley started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:164
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Vanbrunt is an accountant. Higa is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Chicas is a mechanic. Creech is a model. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the design expo, Creech, Chicas, Higa, and Vanbrunt connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:165
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gentile is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hallford is a dentist. Jang is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Perreault is a stocking associate. Jang, Hallford, Gentile, and Perreault met at the dance class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:166
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hatchett is a lifeguard. Ness is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Heideman is a model. Khatri is a mechanic. Hatchett, Khatri, Ness, and Heideman met at the local talk. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:167
Remer is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Smalley is a model. Durocher is a stocking associate. Berge is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the food and drink festival, Durocher, Berge, Remer, and Smalley met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:168
Bakken is an accountant. Hensler is a stocking associate. Shively is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Welsch is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the open gallery museum, Shively, Hensler, Welsch, and Bakken connected. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:169
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kettler is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Arcos is a lifeguard. Guay is a nurse. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Harbison is a traffic warden. At the theater festival, Harbison, Guay, Arcos, and Kettler connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:170
Main is a lifeguard. Hollandsworth is a mechanic. Bodkin is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Jeanjacques is a nurse. At the bar crawl, Bodkin, Main, Jeanjacques, and Hollandsworth met. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:171
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Alejos is a hairdresser. Richburg is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Veliz is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Throop is a dentist. Veliz, Richburg, Alejos, and Throop met at the open mic night. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:172
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mccoll is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Toscano is a lifeguard. Hardt is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cyr is a newsreader. At the subway, Hardt, Toscano, Cyr, and Mccoll connected. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:173
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lustig is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Spriggs is a hairdresser. Greathouse is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Worden is a newsreader. At the subway, Worden, Spriggs, Greathouse, and Lustig ran into each other. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:174
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Oda is a lecturer. Gaughan is a labourer. Merlino is a chef. Vought is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Oda, Merlino, Gaughan, and Vought met at the wedding. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:175
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Delapena is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Apodaca is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Bulloch is a lifeguard. Bermeo is an accountant. At the food and drink festival, Delapena, Apodaca, Bulloch, and Bermeo started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:176
Poor is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lashley is an electrician. Hay is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kephart is a lecturer. At the restaurant, Kephart, Hay, Lashley, and Poor ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:177
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mitcham is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ramakrishnan is a lecturer. Wachter is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mclemore is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the subway, Mclemore, Ramakrishnan, Wachter, and Mitcham met. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:178
Perezperez is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Player is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hartline is a plumber. Sedillo is a chef. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the social community gathering, Player, Hartline, Perezperez, and Sedillo connected. Community service is wonderful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:179
Banales is a carpenter. Blom is a newsreader. Stelter is a chef. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Woodford is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the restaurant, Stelter, Blom, Woodford, and Banales met. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:180
Pope is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Shorts is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Berns is a lecturer. Pepe is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the local talk, Pepe, Berns, Pope, and Shorts connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:181
Street is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Coppock is a mechanic. Brucker is a lecturer. Ensor is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the cooking class, Street, Ensor, Brucker, and Coppock ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:182
Rioux is a lifeguard. Capel is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Canup is a labourer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Dehaan is an optician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the wedding, Dehaan, Rioux, Canup, and Capel connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:183
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Short is an optician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kuester is a plumber. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sedlak is a carpenter. Dunnigan is a newsreader. At the gallery opening event, Kuester, Dunnigan, Sedlak, and Short met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:184
Junker is a plumber. Carnahan is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Escalante is a teacher. Saville is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the book club, Junker, Escalante, Saville, and Carnahan ran into each other. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:185
Urbaniak is a newsreader. Chipps is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Stoltenberg is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Navarrete is a bus driver. At the book club, Urbaniak, Stoltenberg, Navarrete, and Chipps ran into each other. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. Ze reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:186
Dinwiddie is a teacher. Garey is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sellers is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Trusty is a carpenter. At the design expo, Garey, Dinwiddie, Sellers, and Trusty connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:187
Rodgers is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Dearman is a teacher. Prada is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Saylors is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the book club, Prada, Dearman, Rodgers, and Saylors started a conversation. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:188
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kamm is a plumber. Miele is a carpenter. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Perkins is a model. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Viens is a teacher. At the school reunion, Perkins, Kamm, Viens, and Miele ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:189
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fullerton is a labourer. Cyr is a newsreader. Horney is a factory worker. Elswick is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the group vacation, Cyr, Fullerton, Elswick, and Horney ran into each other. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:190
Mcpherson is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hirschman is a stocking associate. Zambrano is a traffic warden. Mccray is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcpherson, Hirschman, Zambrano, and Mccray met at the gallery opening event. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:191
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Boyer is a bus driver. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Youngman is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Schilling is a chef. Abramowitz is an electrician. At the group vacation, Abramowitz, Boyer, Schilling, and Youngman connected. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:192
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Crisostomo is a teacher. Ocon is an optician. Mcgeorge is an accountant. Eklund is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the retreat, Ocon, Mcgeorge, Eklund, and Crisostomo met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:193
Slezak is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wharton is an electrician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brockett is a bus driver. Cornette is an optician. At the open gallery museum, Wharton, Slezak, Cornette, and Brockett started a conversation. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:194
Lau is a model. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fuentes is a dentist. Mijares is a newsreader. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Serpa is an electrician. At the food and drink festival, Fuentes, Mijares, Serpa, and Lau met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:195
Popov is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Blundell is a model. Soderberg is a plumber. Bottoms is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the music festival, Soderberg, Blundell, Popov, and Bottoms met. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:196
Tune is a model. Forney is a lifeguard. Gear is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gelman is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the halloweeen party, Gelman, Gear, Tune, and Forney connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:197
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Loop is a teacher. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Plant is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dowd is a newsreader. Labar is a chef. At the specialty retail store, Loop, Dowd, Plant, and Labar ran into each other. Markets are full of surprises! They told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:198
Fulmore is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Heim is a mechanic. Liotta is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hyland is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the open mic night, Liotta, Hyland, Heim, and Fulmore met. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:199
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Newcombe is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Poston is a labourer. Ruelas is an accountant. Estep is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Newcombe, Estep, Ruelas, and Poston met at the hotel. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:200
Lorenzana is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Conteh is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bottomley is a traffic warden. Aldridge is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the bar, Aldridge, Lorenzana, Conteh, and Bottomley started a conversation. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. Ze reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:201
Upchurch is a model. Simons is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Topp is a teacher. Ruelas is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the house party, Upchurch, Topp, Simons, and Ruelas connected. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:202
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Degnan is a chef. Plunk is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Chesnut is a lifeguard. Sifuentes is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the food and drink festival, Plunk, Sifuentes, Degnan, and Chesnut ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:203
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Barnhardt is an optician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Rogerson is a model. Spilman is a lifeguard. Schmitt is a mechanic. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the music festival, Schmitt, Barnhardt, Rogerson, and Spilman ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:204
Lago is an optician. Hammitt is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Seago is a plumber. Gladfelter is a teacher. At the local talk, Hammitt, Lago, Gladfelter, and Seago met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:205
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Behnke is an electrician. Jeanjacques is a plumber. Heatherly is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Wedgeworth is a newsreader. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the power yoga class, Behnke, Wedgeworth, Heatherly, and Jeanjacques connected. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:206
Blakemore is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gau is a plumber. Sethi is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Vore is an accountant. Blakemore, Gau, Sethi, and Vore met at the gallery. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:207
Coffman is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Yocum is a lecturer. Bullock is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Panzer is a nurse. At the design expo, Coffman, Bullock, Panzer, and Yocum ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:208
Dorgan is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Willey is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wardwell is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Shook is a labourer. At the design expo, Wardwell, Dorgan, Willey, and Shook met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:209
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Conard is a model. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bugarin is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bown is a newsreader. Yorke is an electrician. At the open gallery museum, Conard, Bugarin, Bown, and Yorke started a conversation. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. They told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:210
Amezcua is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Morita is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Delreal is an accountant. Ellman is a lifeguard. At the bar, Amezcua, Delreal, Ellman, and Morita started a conversation. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:211
Raymer is a lifeguard. Mallett is a lecturer. Kelemen is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Drozd is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mallett, Kelemen, Drozd, and Raymer met at the food and drink festival. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:212
Riedel is a nurse. Foley is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cornette is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Caruso is an accountant. At the local talk, Caruso, Riedel, Foley, and Cornette met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:213
Molter is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Delisle is a model. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Denker is a nurse. Ambrosino is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the holiday party, Molter, Ambrosino, Delisle, and Denker started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:214
Mcdougal is a teacher. Flickinger is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Thieme is an electrician. Kissinger is a model. At the charity car wash, Flickinger, Mcdougal, Thieme, and Kissinger started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:215
Rizo is a factory worker. Shuey is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Kowalski is a teacher. Klingensmith is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the design expo, Rizo, Shuey, Kowalski, and Klingensmith met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. They reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:216
Foskey is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gongora is an optician. Striegel is an accountant. Sikorski is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the cooking class, Striegel, Gongora, Foskey, and Sikorski connected. The class is extremely motivating. Ze reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:217
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Organ is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Boren is a model. Parsons is a stocking associate. Weakland is a newsreader. At the wedding, Boren, Parsons, Weakland, and Organ met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:218
Hooton is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Bertsch is a carpenter. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lint is a bus driver. Hankinson is a nurse. At the cigar bar, Hooton, Hankinson, Bertsch, and Lint started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:219
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Acheson is a teacher. Lovett is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Lobos is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Holcombe is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the halloweeen party, Lobos, Holcombe, Acheson, and Lovett connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:220
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Karst is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Garnica is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Reichard is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Coss is a factory worker. At the local talk, Garnica, Karst, Reichard, and Coss met. The event is free and open to all people. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:221
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Rath is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hassell is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Stull is a model. Sabia is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the food and drink festival, Hassell, Sabia, Stull, and Rath ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:222
Koepp is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Border is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Fretz is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Bottomley is a newsreader. Border, Fretz, Bottomley, and Koepp met at the social community gathering. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:223
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Gobble is a dentist. Boland is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Shuck is a labourer. Colonna is a lifeguard. At the hotel, Gobble, Colonna, Shuck, and Boland started a conversation. It is a cool place to hang out. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:224
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Wojcik is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Thomsen is a chef. Crume is a teacher. Stier is a factory worker. At the school reunion, Thomsen, Stier, Crume, and Wojcik ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:225
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Liss is a nurse. Dabney is a labourer. Mcclusky is an optician. Gledhill is an electrician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the dance class, Dabney, Liss, Gledhill, and Mcclusky started a conversation. Classes provide fun and challenge. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:226
Heng is a factory worker. Pereira is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bebout is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mccrary is a traffic warden. At the party, Heng, Mccrary, Bebout, and Pereira met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:227
Brott is a model. Harney is a carpenter. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bartels is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Salama is a lecturer. Harney, Salama, Brott, and Bartels met at the group vacation. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:228
Harbison is a lecturer. Holmgren is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Bricker is a nurse. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Dahl is a chef. Bricker, Dahl, Harbison, and Holmgren met at the boardwalk arcade. The games are a lot of fun. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:229
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Stanfield is a hairdresser. Fredette is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Adelman is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hackney is a carpenter. At the bar crawl, Stanfield, Hackney, Fredette, and Adelman connected. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:230
Tutor is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Fiori is a chef. Gabbard is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Gehman is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the restaurant, Tutor, Gabbard, Gehman, and Fiori met. The place is nice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:231
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Rehm is an accountant. Escalante is a teacher. Valle is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ting is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the gallery, Rehm, Valle, Escalante, and Ting started a conversation. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:232
Chatman is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Giddens is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Leroux is a mechanic. Gilder is a newsreader. At the book club, Leroux, Giddens, Gilder, and Chatman ran into each other. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:233
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Rotella is a carpenter. Roe is an optician. Slawson is a model. Stallard is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the bar crawl, Roe, Stallard, Rotella, and Slawson met. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:234
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Arnett is an optician. Chaffee is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Primus is an electrician. Bluhm is a factory worker. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the dog park, Arnett, Chaffee, Bluhm, and Primus ran into each other. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:235
Chojnacki is an accountant. Dearman is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Wetherell is a plumber. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Camejo is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the food and drink festival, Camejo, Dearman, Chojnacki, and Wetherell met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:236
Thieme is an electrician. Olivero is a newsreader. Buhr is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Futrell is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Buhr, Thieme, Olivero, and Futrell met at the gallery. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:237
Huggins is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hambrick is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Ellerbe is an accountant. Reichel is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the holiday party, Ellerbe, Reichel, Huggins, and Hambrick ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:238
Blasko is a chef. Eichhorn is a mechanic. Maltby is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Cheng is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the dance class, Eichhorn, Blasko, Maltby, and Cheng ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:239
Mcvicker is a carpenter. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Weintraub is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Molnar is a chef. Till is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the restaurant, Molnar, Weintraub, Till, and Mcvicker met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:240
Ferrer is an optician. Mcphillips is a chef. Vought is a bus driver. Beatty is a teacher. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the retreat, Ferrer, Vought, Beatty, and Mcphillips connected. The party is free entry for everyone. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:241
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bolling is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Spink is a newsreader. Ausmus is a mechanic. Buske is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the music festival, Bolling, Spink, Buske, and Ausmus connected. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:242
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Birdwell is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Casner is a nurse. Redick is a lifeguard. Gajewski is an accountant. Redick, Casner, Gajewski, and Birdwell met at the restaurant. The place was crowded. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:243
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Carstensen is a labourer. Uriarte is a dentist. Wallen is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Brunette is a carpenter. At the power yoga class, Uriarte, Wallen, Brunette, and Carstensen started a conversation. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:244
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Shorty is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Vose is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Dimitrov is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Steadman is a carpenter. Dimitrov, Steadman, Vose, and Shorty met at the gallery. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:245
Womble is a model. Selders is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gorney is a lecturer. Popovich is an electrician. At the commuter bus, Popovich, Selders, Gorney, and Womble started a conversation. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:246
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kohli is a stocking associate. Armentrout is a nurse. Mccullen is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Hayek is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the gallery opening event, Kohli, Mccullen, Armentrout, and Hayek started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:247
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Cheong is an accountant. Verret is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Koval is a mechanic. Yard is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the music festival, Yard, Verret, Koval, and Cheong ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:248
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Cheeks is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Murga is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Abramson is a model. Oconner is a teacher. At the dog park, Murga, Cheeks, Abramson, and Oconner ran into each other. The park has a lot of gardens. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:249
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Vaught is a plumber. Gravatt is a dentist. Chiles is a mechanic. Stines is a model. At the social community gathering, Vaught, Stines, Gravatt, and Chiles connected. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. Ey reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:250
Haigler is a carpenter. Mccafferty is a teacher. Stcyr is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Luque is a traffic warden. At the theater festival, Mccafferty, Stcyr, Luque, and Haigler met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:251
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Trosclair is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mcree is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Lasko is a plumber. Stier is a factory worker. At the charity car wash, Lasko, Mcree, Stier, and Trosclair ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:252
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Svendsen is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Tindal is an optician. Downey is a hairdresser. Dutta is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the gallery, Tindal, Svendsen, Dutta, and Downey started a conversation. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:253
Beall is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Koeller is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Doster is a stocking associate. Dias is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the restaurant, Beall, Dias, Koeller, and Doster connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. Ze reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:254
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mccree is a dentist. Linker is an accountant. Gerace is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Andrade is a plumber. At the local talk, Mccree, Linker, Gerace, and Andrade ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:255
Goldman is an electrician. Barb is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Kamm is a plumber. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Osornio is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the dog park, Goldman, Barb, Osornio, and Kamm ran into each other. The water is very good and clean. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:256
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Arechiga is a mechanic. Badillo is an electrician. Magnuson is an accountant. Begay is a dentist. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the bar, Begay, Arechiga, Badillo, and Magnuson connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:257
Charron is a mechanic. Stickle is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Dykema is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Turlington is a hairdresser. At the hotel, Charron, Dykema, Stickle, and Turlington connected. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:258
Sipos is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bargas is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Boutwell is a hairdresser. Brosius is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the boardwalk arcade, Boutwell, Brosius, Bargas, and Sipos connected. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:259
Hursey is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Trumbo is a hairdresser. Reeser is a factory worker. Canales is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the cigar bar, Reeser, Canales, Hursey, and Trumbo connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:260
Overby is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Midkiff is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Stpeter is a bus driver. Blackburn is a lifeguard. At the retreat, Stpeter, Blackburn, Overby, and Midkiff connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:261
Brzezinski is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bohrer is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Carstens is a traffic warden. Parchman is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the beach, Carstens, Bohrer, Parchman, and Brzezinski connected. For years, there was very little activity to this point in the sand of the beach, and now it's all but empty. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:262
Vos is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Voit is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Ota is a lecturer. Hammontree is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the halloweeen party, Vos, Voit, Hammontree, and Ota started a conversation. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:263
Kopec is a newsreader. Fiske is a carpenter. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcgonigal is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Jeanlouis is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the open gallery museum, Kopec, Mcgonigal, Fiske, and Jeanlouis ran into each other. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:264
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Tomlinson is a model. Dahl is an accountant. Criswell is a stocking associate. Grunewald is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the hotel, Dahl, Tomlinson, Grunewald, and Criswell connected. The beer is excellent. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:265
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hoppes is a newsreader. Hanchett is a traffic warden. Petro is a plumber. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ruble is a model. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the subway, Ruble, Petro, Hanchett, and Hoppes met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:266
Cutright is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Benbow is a chef. Murrow is a stocking associate. Spanos is a carpenter. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the design expo, Benbow, Cutright, Spanos, and Murrow started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:267
Halcomb is a stocking associate. Lechner is a lecturer. Zanders is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pitt is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the specialty retail store, Lechner, Pitt, Halcomb, and Zanders met. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:268
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Emond is a carpenter. Teter is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Miao is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ferrel is a bus driver. Miao, Emond, Ferrel, and Teter met at the bar. The place is nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:269
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Castner is a carpenter. Arroyo is a plumber. Boucher is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Pattison is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the charity car wash, Castner, Pattison, Boucher, and Arroyo met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:270
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Cassel is a newsreader. Ungar is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Buehler is a chef. Cuomo is a labourer. At the cigar bar, Ungar, Cassel, Buehler, and Cuomo ran into each other. It is a cool place to hang out. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:271
Poor is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cavallaro is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Buswell is a newsreader. Bowyer is a stocking associate. At the power yoga class, Poor, Bowyer, Buswell, and Cavallaro started a conversation. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:272
Shute is a traffic warden. Bobbitt is a plumber. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lakes is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bechtold is a dentist. Bechtold, Shute, Lakes, and Bobbitt met at the music festival. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:273
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Brainerd is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Kummer is a nurse. Aubuchon is an accountant. Pinkerton is a labourer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pinkerton, Brainerd, Kummer, and Aubuchon met at the bar crawl. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:274
Brunt is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lohmann is a lecturer. Grabow is a dentist. Estep is a model. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the subway, Grabow, Estep, Brunt, and Lohmann ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:275
Bustamante is a model. Shephard is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Orzechowski is a plumber. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Pitre is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the design expo, Pitre, Bustamante, Orzechowski, and Shephard connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:276
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ellefson is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mccune is a labourer. Strauss is a newsreader. Huizenga is a chef. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the power yoga class, Ellefson, Mccune, Strauss, and Huizenga ran into each other. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:277
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Nagle is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Towne is a lecturer. Hazelton is an accountant. Sasso is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the house party, Sasso, Towne, Hazelton, and Nagle met. The party is free entry for everyone. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:278
Gast is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Upton is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Galle is a model. Oberlander is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the business expo, Oberlander, Galle, Gast, and Upton started a conversation. The event is still underway. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:279
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Atwell is a dentist. Palos is a newsreader. Grisby is a teacher. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Forrester is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the theater festival, Forrester, Atwell, Grisby, and Palos met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:280
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Rego is a plumber. Prill is a chef. Permenter is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Citizen is a nurse. At the gallery, Rego, Citizen, Prill, and Permenter started a conversation. This museum and art is what we need more of. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:281
Barco is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Godbolt is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Woolery is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Verret is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the business expo, Godbolt, Verret, Woolery, and Barco connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:282
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Cribb is a labourer. Okada is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Symons is a traffic warden. Liggins is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beach, Symons, Liggins, Cribb, and Okada connected. The beach is made of sand but only in a beautiful, sunny place on the island of Nanga, about 100 km -LRB- 65 miles -RRB- southeast of the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:283
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Grabow is a factory worker. Matthies is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lipton is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Howley is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the book club, Matthies, Lipton, Howley, and Grabow started a conversation. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:284
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Rix is a stocking associate. Easterly is an accountant. Gallimore is an optician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Chawla is a traffic warden. At the dance class, Rix, Chawla, Gallimore, and Easterly started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:285
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Palma is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lashbrook is a plumber. Pickard is an accountant. Grogan is an electrician. At the power yoga class, Pickard, Lashbrook, Palma, and Grogan met. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:286
Zirkle is a factory worker. Dearth is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Aller is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Bhatia is an optician. Aller, Bhatia, Zirkle, and Dearth met at the music festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ey reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:287
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Barrentine is a newsreader. Cassel is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Dunkin is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Rappaport is a hairdresser. At the theater festival, Rappaport, Dunkin, Cassel, and Barrentine met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:288
Midgett is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mcginley is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Beedle is a model. Steinberger is a hairdresser. At the wedding, Mcginley, Beedle, Steinberger, and Midgett met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:289
Muldoon is a mechanic. Benavides is a stocking associate. Steveson is an optician. Mcmahan is a nurse. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the design expo, Muldoon, Mcmahan, Steveson, and Benavides started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:290
Brayboy is a teacher. Harder is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Wahl is a lifeguard. Shanks is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beach, Brayboy, Shanks, Wahl, and Harder started a conversation. The beach is much cleaner than the most popular beach of the city. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:291
Merriweather is a model. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Petit is a carpenter. Ungar is a plumber. Bellows is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the grocery store, Petit, Ungar, Merriweather, and Bellows ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:292
Poulton is a labourer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Brunt is a teacher. Kass is a chef. Cochran is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cochran, Kass, Brunt, and Poulton met at the hotel. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:293
Mulvihill is an accountant. Kirtley is a bus driver. Bailes is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sund is a newsreader. At the music festival, Mulvihill, Bailes, Sund, and Kirtley connected. The event is free and open to all people. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:294
Roh is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Prior is a stocking associate. Hittle is a bus driver. Gama is an electrician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the cafe, Hittle, Prior, Roh, and Gama ran into each other. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:295
Forte is a teacher. Rodgers is a plumber. Holmstrom is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Henze is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Forte, Rodgers, Henze, and Holmstrom met at the specialty retail store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. They told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:296
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Caputo is a lecturer. Kreiser is a traffic warden. Mayor is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mast is a chef. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the theater festival, Caputo, Mast, Kreiser, and Mayor connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:297
Casperson is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Ocon is a plumber. Hammontree is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Banister is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the gallery opening event, Casperson, Ocon, Hammontree, and Banister connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:298
Dealba is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Chastain is a plumber. Mcgahey is a newsreader. Battles is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the bar crawl, Mcgahey, Dealba, Battles, and Chastain met. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:299
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Johns is a traffic warden. Betancur is a labourer. Merlino is a lifeguard. Mccown is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mccown, Betancur, Johns, and Merlino met at the cigar bar. The food here is very tasty. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:300
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Almond is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Buentello is a newsreader. Denicola is a lifeguard. Danos is a bus driver. At the group vacation, Almond, Buentello, Danos, and Denicola connected. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:301
Muth is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Jury is a bus driver. Stilwell is a newsreader. Entwistle is a traffic warden. Entwistle, Jury, Stilwell, and Muth met at the charity car wash. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:302
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Goggans is an electrician. Keele is a hairdresser. Vaidya is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Haws is an accountant. At the group vacation, Vaidya, Keele, Goggans, and Haws started a conversation. Tours help one discover the city. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:303
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Marini is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Gajewski is a plumber. Keogh is an electrician. Barclay is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the open mic night, Barclay, Keogh, Marini, and Gajewski met. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:304
Kettler is a nurse. Hocking is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Reinoso is a model. Beegle is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the charity car wash, Hocking, Reinoso, Kettler, and Beegle ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:305
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Otey is an accountant. Wetherell is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Villela is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hultgren is an electrician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hultgren, Wetherell, Villela, and Otey met at the open gallery museum. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:306
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Deck is a labourer. Studebaker is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Seales is an optician. Parsons is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the hotel, Studebaker, Seales, Deck, and Parsons ran into each other. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:307
Bahr is an accountant. Cabot is a bus driver. Lashley is a mechanic. Demoss is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the social community gathering, Lashley, Cabot, Bahr, and Demoss started a conversation. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:308
Vanwinkle is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Eid is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Dearborn is a newsreader. Hitz is a traffic warden. At the open gallery museum, Hitz, Dearborn, Eid, and Vanwinkle ran into each other. The museum has many ancient things. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:309
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Zalewski is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gowen is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Smock is a dentist. Yarborough is a factory worker. At the local talk, Gowen, Smock, Yarborough, and Zalewski met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:310
Shorty is a mechanic. Apgar is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Silverman is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Levesque is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the restaurant, Levesque, Apgar, Shorty, and Silverman ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:311
Luft is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Pulley is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Raabe is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Johns is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the charity car wash, Luft, Pulley, Raabe, and Johns ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:312
Lappin is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Nickelson is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Martone is a factory worker. Escoto is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Martone, Escoto, Nickelson, and Lappin met at the social community gathering. The community has an open kitchen. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:313
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ault is a bus driver. Bottorff is a factory worker. Arms is a dentist. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Trammel is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the music festival, Trammel, Bottorff, Ault, and Arms started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:314
Grimaldo is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Dole is a plumber. Matuszak is a bus driver. Sipe is a lecturer. At the book club, Sipe, Grimaldo, Dole, and Matuszak ran into each other. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. They told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:315
Troupe is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pick is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Scheuerman is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Ostlund is a dentist. Ostlund, Scheuerman, Troupe, and Pick met at the charity car wash. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:316
Puryear is a labourer. Pitts is a dentist. Gau is a stocking associate. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Digby is a model. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the wedding, Pitts, Puryear, Gau, and Digby connected. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:317
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Whitlatch is a nurse. Hogue is an accountant. Bianco is an optician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mccarter is a labourer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hogue, Mccarter, Whitlatch, and Bianco met at the commuter bus. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:318
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Christofferson is a chef. Brill is a carpenter. Cutrer is an electrician. Talbott is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cutrer, Christofferson, Talbott, and Brill met at the hotel. The food here is very tasty. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:319
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Woelfel is an optician. Bowlby is a bus driver. Hageman is a labourer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Prosser is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the school reunion, Woelfel, Prosser, Hageman, and Bowlby ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:320
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Acheson is a newsreader. Casselman is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Faulkner is a hairdresser. Cornette is a dentist. At the boardwalk arcade, Casselman, Faulkner, Acheson, and Cornette connected. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:321
Felty is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Reh is a mechanic. Tarnowski is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hail is an accountant. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the charity car wash, Felty, Hail, Tarnowski, and Reh met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:322
Read is a plumber. Tomaszewski is a model. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Escarcega is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Goncalves is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the hotel, Goncalves, Read, Escarcega, and Tomaszewski ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. They told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:323
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Chesnut is a lifeguard. Fleischmann is a dentist. Fontes is a teacher. Manna is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the music festival, Manna, Fontes, Fleischmann, and Chesnut met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ze reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:324
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Wolfson is a factory worker. Lastra is a teacher. Kreger is a carpenter. Barcenas is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the holiday party, Wolfson, Kreger, Lastra, and Barcenas connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:325
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Burchette is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Radel is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Budge is a mechanic. Dickerson is a labourer. At the wedding, Budge, Burchette, Radel, and Dickerson started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:326
Moroz is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sosebee is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Porcaro is a factory worker. Firth is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the party, Sosebee, Moroz, Porcaro, and Firth connected. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:327
Gowdy is a stocking associate. Cowell is a traffic warden. Tolleson is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Arledge is a labourer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the social community gathering, Tolleson, Arledge, Cowell, and Gowdy ran into each other. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:328
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Gordy is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Vences is a labourer. Gulley is a traffic warden. Hibbard is a bus driver. At the social community gathering, Gulley, Gordy, Vences, and Hibbard ran into each other. Community service is wonderful. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:329
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Twyman is a teacher. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Crumbley is a hairdresser. Shows is a stocking associate. Nuccio is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the beach, Nuccio, Shows, Crumbley, and Twyman started a conversation. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:330
Vivas is a teacher. Overton is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wuest is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Gossage is a lecturer. At the design expo, Overton, Vivas, Wuest, and Gossage connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:331
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Kelling is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Wiese is a dentist. Voit is an optician. Choudhury is a lecturer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the dog park, Choudhury, Kelling, Voit, and Wiese started a conversation. The water is very good and clean. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:332
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Sinha is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Haire is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Searfoss is a chef. Dosch is a traffic warden. At the gallery, Haire, Dosch, Searfoss, and Sinha connected. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:333
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Garnica is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Lutz is a nurse. Heintz is a factory worker. Babcock is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Babcock, Lutz, Garnica, and Heintz met at the food and drink festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. They reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:334
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tippett is a teacher. Sturdevant is a model. Turano is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Rines is an optician. Tippett, Rines, Sturdevant, and Turano met at the music festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:335
Larkins is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Taulbee is a mechanic. Stilwell is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Swanberg is a hairdresser. At the holiday party, Taulbee, Swanberg, Stilwell, and Larkins started a conversation. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:336
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Foss is a bus driver. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Kirwan is a lifeguard. Cowgill is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Selph is a chef. Cowgill, Kirwan, Foss, and Selph met at the dog park. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:337
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Everts is a plumber. Nickelson is a teacher. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Duggan is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hedger is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hedger, Duggan, Everts, and Nickelson met at the house party. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:338
Vancil is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Somers is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Brasfield is a plumber. Minix is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the house party, Vancil, Somers, Minix, and Brasfield started a conversation. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. Ze told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:339
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Willman is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Malagon is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mccarroll is a bus driver. Vartanian is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the social community gathering, Mccarroll, Malagon, Willman, and Vartanian met. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:340
Reddin is an accountant. Palma is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Blum is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Cevallos is a hairdresser. At the power yoga class, Reddin, Palma, Cevallos, and Blum connected. Yoga is best done in silence. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:341
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Pope is a lecturer. Bortz is a lifeguard. Vasques is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lindholm is a mechanic. Lindholm, Pope, Bortz, and Vasques met at the dance class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:342
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Filler is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kuss is a nurse. Plant is a model. Currence is a lifeguard. At the beach, Filler, Plant, Currence, and Kuss started a conversation. The beach is just right, the ocean is n't too big, people and the sun are always just right. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:343
Shippee is an optician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lambeth is an accountant. Maier is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Dery is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the social community gathering, Maier, Dery, Lambeth, and Shippee met. It is a place of faith. Ze reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:344
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Fabre is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Belknap is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Veltri is a traffic warden. Weddington is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the hotel, Belknap, Weddington, Fabre, and Veltri ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:345
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Bird is a carpenter. Gillard is a dentist. Buckingham is a labourer. Vroman is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the halloweeen party, Vroman, Gillard, Bird, and Buckingham started a conversation. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:346
Timmins is an electrician. Heap is a nurse. Spinelli is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Musgrave is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the wedding, Musgrave, Heap, Timmins, and Spinelli ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:347
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Grand is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Paulin is a model. Guttman is a teacher. Snapp is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the cooking class, Guttman, Grand, Snapp, and Paulin met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:348
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mapp is a chef. Polito is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Essex is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Kilby is a stocking associate. Essex, Polito, Kilby, and Mapp met at the local talk. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:349
Thweatt is an optician. Scherr is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Vos is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Buller is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the social community gathering, Scherr, Vos, Buller, and Thweatt ran into each other. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:350
Lunsford is a traffic warden. Pray is a teacher. Eddings is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Heiss is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pray, Heiss, Eddings, and Lunsford met at the dog park. The park has many plants and flowers. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:351
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Obrien is a lecturer. Foushee is an optician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hatchett is a hairdresser. Almazan is a carpenter. At the charity car wash, Foushee, Almazan, Hatchett, and Obrien connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:352
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Cermak is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Waring is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Fortier is a traffic warden. Vreeland is an optician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the theater festival, Cermak, Vreeland, Waring, and Fortier connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:353
Hershman is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Dollar is an accountant. Gervais is a lecturer. Nemeth is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Nemeth, Gervais, Dollar, and Hershman met at the restaurant. It is a cool place to hang out. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:354
Trivedi is an accountant. Kellogg is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Thieme is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Jimenez is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Jimenez, Thieme, Kellogg, and Trivedi met at the open gallery museum. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:355
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Scheck is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Bandy is a newsreader. Lyall is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kolar is a labourer. At the gallery opening event, Bandy, Scheck, Lyall, and Kolar ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:356
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Crook is a model. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mazzone is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Caperton is a carpenter. Rosner is a nurse. At the party, Crook, Rosner, Mazzone, and Caperton ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:357
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Buell is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Noack is an electrician. Deakins is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Shuey is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Noack, Deakins, Shuey, and Buell met at the wedding. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:358
Hartman is a factory worker. Frison is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Almon is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Segrest is a bus driver. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Almon, Frison, Hartman, and Segrest met at the party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:359
Specht is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Manzo is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Deeb is a model. Wynkoop is a teacher. At the business expo, Manzo, Deeb, Wynkoop, and Specht started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:360
Jeanlouis is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Swett is a hairdresser. Gautreaux is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hord is a bus driver. At the social community gathering, Jeanlouis, Gautreaux, Swett, and Hord met. The community is at a crossroads here. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:361
Parchman is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bigger is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Popoca is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Handy is a lecturer. Handy, Popoca, Parchman, and Bigger met at the wedding. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:362
Ravelo is a teacher. Pittard is a lecturer. Ziemer is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gowan is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the grocery store, Ziemer, Gowan, Pittard, and Ravelo started a conversation. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:363
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cowles is an electrician. Bridgman is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mcgovern is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Dague is a nurse. At the open gallery museum, Mcgovern, Dague, Cowles, and Bridgman connected. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:364
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Waters is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Jackowski is a dentist. Nagle is a labourer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Stich is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the charity car wash, Jackowski, Waters, Stich, and Nagle connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:365
Pasco is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Vollmer is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wear is a stocking associate. Latimore is a newsreader. At the group vacation, Pasco, Vollmer, Latimore, and Wear ran into each other. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:366
Mote is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kehr is a lifeguard. Simeone is a nurse. Dillman is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the theater festival, Kehr, Mote, Dillman, and Simeone connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:367
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Crain is a bus driver. Fetter is a plumber. Nauman is a factory worker. Pomales is a labourer. At the dog park, Pomales, Nauman, Crain, and Fetter connected. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. Ze told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:368
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Tomlin is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Everitt is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcconkey is a dentist. Schroder is a chef. Mcconkey, Tomlin, Schroder, and Everitt met at the book club. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:369
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Pettry is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hurdle is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Krug is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mcdaniel is a dentist. At the restaurant, Krug, Mcdaniel, Hurdle, and Pettry started a conversation. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:370
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Chrzanowski is a dentist. Horta is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Marrero is a traffic warden. Chartier is a teacher. At the book club, Marrero, Chartier, Horta, and Chrzanowski connected. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:371
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mcdaniel is a newsreader. Wilhoite is an optician. Twilley is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gilley is a plumber. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the cafe, Mcdaniel, Twilley, Gilley, and Wilhoite ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:372
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Solberg is a dentist. Rosenau is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Saville is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Billiot is a chef. At the house party, Saville, Solberg, Billiot, and Rosenau started a conversation. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:373
Mandujano is a carpenter. Grabow is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Haire is a dentist. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mallari is a teacher. At the restaurant, Grabow, Haire, Mandujano, and Mallari connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:374
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Snipes is a nurse. Rieman is an accountant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Pardo is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cavallo is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Snipes, Rieman, Cavallo, and Pardo met at the design expo. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:375
Waters is a chef. Divito is an accountant. Santucci is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Macpherson is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Waters, Macpherson, Santucci, and Divito met at the cooking class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:376
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Konopka is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Geller is a carpenter. Kochan is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ellefson is a bus driver. At the open gallery museum, Geller, Konopka, Ellefson, and Kochan started a conversation. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:377
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Plunk is a hairdresser. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Latshaw is a teacher. Fetty is an optician. Spalding is a carpenter. At the design expo, Fetty, Plunk, Latshaw, and Spalding connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:378
Lambdin is a lecturer. Boland is a model. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Garbutt is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Brunt is a labourer. At the power yoga class, Boland, Garbutt, Lambdin, and Brunt ran into each other. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:379
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Bade is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Schenkel is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Goldfarb is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pick is a traffic warden. At the design expo, Bade, Goldfarb, Schenkel, and Pick met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:380
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gober is a nurse. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Winget is a chef. Enlow is an electrician. Mccown is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the open mic night, Gober, Mccown, Enlow, and Winget ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:381
Banister is a labourer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Koning is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Reinhardt is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gebhardt is a factory worker. At the music festival, Reinhardt, Banister, Gebhardt, and Koning ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:382
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Cui is a lifeguard. Molloy is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mucha is a labourer. Carreon is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the dance class, Cui, Carreon, Mucha, and Molloy met. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:383
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Blowers is a factory worker. Swindell is a bus driver. Arroyo is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Rosen is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the wedding, Swindell, Blowers, Arroyo, and Rosen met. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:384
Kirwan is a nurse. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Villasana is an electrician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Turco is an accountant. Rockett is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the house party, Rockett, Kirwan, Villasana, and Turco ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:385
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Bustillo is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Brimmer is a model. Wolter is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Bottorff is a hairdresser. At the grocery store, Wolter, Bottorff, Brimmer, and Bustillo connected. Markets are usually crowded. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:386
Newcombe is an accountant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Rister is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kingery is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Roane is a lecturer. At the bar, Roane, Kingery, Newcombe, and Rister ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:387
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Dutra is a labourer. Casperson is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Castagna is a bus driver. Scanlon is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the dance class, Casperson, Dutra, Scanlon, and Castagna connected. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:388
Woodie is a stocking associate. Till is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Knowlton is a dentist. Laplante is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the school reunion, Laplante, Till, Knowlton, and Woodie met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:389
Newport is a lifeguard. Bonfiglio is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bove is a model. Ingalls is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bove, Bonfiglio, Newport, and Ingalls met at the gallery. Museums are great places to learn about culture. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:390
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Resch is an electrician. Votaw is a factory worker. Petrosyan is a plumber. Dickerson is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the cafe, Petrosyan, Dickerson, Resch, and Votaw started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:391
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mcelhaney is an optician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Ayon is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mercurio is a stocking associate. Swinehart is a carpenter. At the cafe, Mcelhaney, Mercurio, Ayon, and Swinehart ran into each other. The food here is very tasty. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:392
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Reinert is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hua is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Schlegel is a plumber. Amezquita is a hairdresser. Amezquita, Schlegel, Hua, and Reinert met at the gallery. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:393
Quick is an optician. Rodgers is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Cobble is a plumber. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Diez is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the hotel, Quick, Cobble, Rodgers, and Diez connected. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:394
Applegate is a lecturer. Gaillard is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mclellan is a traffic warden. Enger is a plumber. At the subway, Applegate, Gaillard, Enger, and Mclellan started a conversation. Public transports are easy to find. Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:395
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mulhall is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Immel is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Ferrer is a newsreader. Mcnealy is a mechanic. Immel, Ferrer, Mcnealy, and Mulhall met at the dog park. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:396
Obannon is an accountant. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Matherne is a lifeguard. Vivas is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Alpizar is a dentist. Vivas, Obannon, Alpizar, and Matherne met at the specialty retail store. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:397
Woolwine is a plumber. Swank is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bigelow is a lecturer. Smetana is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the cigar bar, Swank, Smetana, Woolwine, and Bigelow started a conversation. The place was crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:398
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Pasco is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cirillo is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Rauch is a labourer. Hunte is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the open gallery museum, Rauch, Hunte, Pasco, and Cirillo connected. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:399
Therrien is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Vreeland is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Heffelfinger is an accountant. Teller is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the wedding, Heffelfinger, Vreeland, Teller, and Therrien met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:400
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Okeeffe is a dentist. Silliman is a teacher. Mowrey is an optician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Maes is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the commuter bus, Mowrey, Maes, Silliman, and Okeeffe connected. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:401
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Frakes is a lifeguard. Bandy is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Karch is a model. Sparks is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the house party, Sparks, Frakes, Karch, and Bandy connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:402
Morford is a bus driver. Armentrout is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Keener is a hairdresser. Mettler is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Armentrout, Morford, Mettler, and Keener met at the bar crawl. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:403
Shoup is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Beegle is a stocking associate. Silveira is a hairdresser. Blackford is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the social community gathering, Shoup, Beegle, Blackford, and Silveira connected. Community service is wonderful. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:404
Owings is a nurse. Hibbert is a factory worker. Mapp is an accountant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Flake is a bus driver. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mapp, Hibbert, Flake, and Owings met at the halloweeen party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:405
Burgard is a bus driver. Caperton is a nurse. Weger is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Becerril is a labourer. At the wedding, Becerril, Weger, Burgard, and Caperton connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:406
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Leinbach is an accountant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lemmon is a factory worker. Kellerman is a bus driver. Dufrene is a stocking associate. At the local talk, Leinbach, Dufrene, Kellerman, and Lemmon ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:407
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Sarkisian is a mechanic. Delozier is a chef. Barrios is a plumber. Olds is a traffic warden. Olds, Barrios, Delozier, and Sarkisian met at the dog park. The park is good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:408
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Wiese is a hairdresser. Remer is an accountant. Rybicki is a model. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Kremer is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the commuter bus, Wiese, Rybicki, Remer, and Kremer connected. The public transports are public. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:409
Berns is an electrician. Barrs is a hairdresser. Kifer is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Arrowood is a nurse. Barrs, Arrowood, Berns, and Kifer met at the gallery. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. Ey reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:410
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Millman is a chef. Overbey is a carpenter. Alt is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kuo is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the house party, Millman, Kuo, Overbey, and Alt connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:411
Holder is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Buker is a nurse. Kirschbaum is a stocking associate. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Yamaguchi is a bus driver. At the halloweeen party, Buker, Kirschbaum, Holder, and Yamaguchi ran into each other. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:412
Carstensen is a teacher. Blom is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Pulido is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Toft is a labourer. At the design expo, Blom, Toft, Pulido, and Carstensen ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:413
Mccracken is a mechanic. Hickox is an accountant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Cuervo is a lecturer. Godlewski is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the bar crawl, Hickox, Mccracken, Godlewski, and Cuervo met. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:414
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brunet is a carpenter. Fly is a traffic warden. Jiron is an optician. Housley is an accountant. Housley, Jiron, Brunet, and Fly met at the open mic night. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:415
Kerstetter is a chef. Hasegawa is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Upchurch is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Bird is a carpenter. At the subway, Hasegawa, Bird, Kerstetter, and Upchurch started a conversation. The public buses are comfortable to ride. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:416
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Downey is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Fincher is a dentist. Pepe is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Slezak is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the school reunion, Slezak, Fincher, Pepe, and Downey met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:417
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Hilbert is a chef. Cowherd is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rogge is a carpenter. Ocana is a model. At the wedding, Rogge, Cowherd, Hilbert, and Ocana connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:418
Mcmichael is a carpenter. Koeller is a bus driver. Wildman is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Thoman is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Thoman, Mcmichael, Koeller, and Wildman met at the subway. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:419
Leonardi is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Unruh is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Thelen is a model. Wysong is a labourer. At the house party, Leonardi, Unruh, Thelen, and Wysong met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:420
Delvecchio is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Landgraf is a dentist. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Cosper is a stocking associate. Hanlin is a teacher. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the party, Cosper, Delvecchio, Hanlin, and Landgraf started a conversation. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:421
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Buentello is a carpenter. Conboy is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ketcham is a newsreader. Slane is a dentist. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the commuter bus, Slane, Conboy, Buentello, and Ketcham ran into each other. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:422
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mcmenamin is an optician. Wight is an accountant. Minix is a dentist. Cobb is a plumber. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the social community gathering, Minix, Cobb, Mcmenamin, and Wight started a conversation. The place is very beautiful. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:423
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Rauch is a model. Severance is a bus driver. Yohn is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Cowling is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the hotel, Severance, Cowling, Rauch, and Yohn connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:424
Smalley is a hairdresser. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lind is a carpenter. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Lowrance is an accountant. Riemer is a dentist. At the dog park, Smalley, Lowrance, Riemer, and Lind started a conversation. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:425
Fanning is a lifeguard. Folds is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Seidel is a chef. Blom is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the bar crawl, Blom, Fanning, Folds, and Seidel connected. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:426
Hultgren is a model. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Antley is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mixon is a mechanic. Guzik is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the group vacation, Guzik, Hultgren, Mixon, and Antley connected. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:427
Benbow is an accountant. Cranmer is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Defazio is a nurse. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Procopio is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cranmer, Procopio, Defazio, and Benbow met at the commuter bus. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:428
Cheema is an accountant. Bomar is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hiett is a labourer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Read is a nurse. At the cafe, Hiett, Read, Bomar, and Cheema ran into each other. The food here is very tasty. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:429
Stange is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Almeda is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Dinwiddie is a labourer. Vose is an electrician. Almeda, Dinwiddie, Stange, and Vose met at the dog park. The park is good. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:430
Sund is a lecturer. Baney is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Zapata is a factory worker. Lampert is an electrician. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the cigar bar, Lampert, Baney, Zapata, and Sund ran into each other. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:431
Bedoya is a traffic warden. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mcvicker is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Cardoso is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Zabala is a bus driver. At the book club, Bedoya, Mcvicker, Cardoso, and Zabala started a conversation. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:432
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Crump is a plumber. Pauly is a chef. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Abrego is a teacher. Euceda is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Pauly, Crump, Abrego, and Euceda met. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:433
Bosquez is a lecturer. Erazo is a chef. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Denney is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Northup is a hairdresser. Northup, Erazo, Bosquez, and Denney met at the bar crawl. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:434
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Almeda is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hazelton is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Woodell is an accountant. Mangold is a lifeguard. Hazelton, Mangold, Almeda, and Woodell met at the subway. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:435
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Chaisson is a labourer. Schiefelbein is a carpenter. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Abell is a stocking associate. Rizvi is an optician. At the charity car wash, Abell, Chaisson, Schiefelbein, and Rizvi connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:436
Raub is a plumber. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Morford is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Halter is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Signorelli is a hairdresser. At the holiday party, Morford, Signorelli, Halter, and Raub connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:437
Hooks is a stocking associate. Brew is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Volker is an accountant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Sweeten is a hairdresser. At the boardwalk arcade, Brew, Hooks, Volker, and Sweeten started a conversation. The city is a great place to find something to do. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:438
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kelemen is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Fredette is an accountant. Heuser is an electrician. Lowrance is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the design expo, Fredette, Kelemen, Lowrance, and Heuser met. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:439
Abbasi is a nurse. Gorney is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Sandel is an optician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Noffsinger is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the power yoga class, Gorney, Noffsinger, Sandel, and Abbasi ran into each other. Yoga is best done in silence. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:440
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Arellanes is a traffic warden. Lantigua is an accountant. Bitting is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Luton is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the halloweeen party, Luton, Arellanes, Bitting, and Lantigua met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:441
Hollins is an electrician. Cheema is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Popov is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Boudreaux is a stocking associate. Cheema, Hollins, Popov, and Boudreaux met at the restaurant. It is a cool place to hang out. They told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:442
Vore is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Kreider is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Pell is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lamay is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the halloweeen party, Kreider, Vore, Pell, and Lamay started a conversation. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:443
Klos is a bus driver. Guillory is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Triggs is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Porterfield is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Porterfield, Triggs, Klos, and Guillory met at the grocery store. The market is open to all genders and ages. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:444
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Campuzano is a teacher. Zimmerman is a chef. Godines is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Rancourt is a labourer. At the power yoga class, Godines, Campuzano, Zimmerman, and Rancourt connected. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:445
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mungia is a model. Ciccarelli is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Vaca is a stocking associate. Pattison is a plumber. At the dance class, Pattison, Vaca, Ciccarelli, and Mungia started a conversation. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:446
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Classen is a traffic warden. Pelletier is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Blades is a model. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Troutt is a stocking associate. Pelletier, Classen, Blades, and Troutt met at the group vacation. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:447
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sandman is a carpenter. Coppock is a mechanic. Crume is a bus driver. Gayden is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the design expo, Gayden, Coppock, Crume, and Sandman ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:448
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Gravley is a newsreader. Tooley is a chef. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Pelkey is a nurse. Cornette is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the theater festival, Pelkey, Gravley, Cornette, and Tooley connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:449
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Riner is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Heffelfinger is a lifeguard. Eilers is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Rehberg is an electrician. At the subway, Riner, Rehberg, Heffelfinger, and Eilers ran into each other. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:450
Tutor is a nurse. Merrow is a lifeguard. Thornsberry is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Pick is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the power yoga class, Tutor, Pick, Merrow, and Thornsberry connected. The class starts with a warm - up session. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:451
Hodgkins is a mechanic. Grillo is a carpenter. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kreger is a factory worker. Bunce is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the holiday party, Hodgkins, Grillo, Kreger, and Bunce connected. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:452
Ficklin is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Labrada is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Moorehead is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Mccullers is a lecturer. Moorehead, Ficklin, Labrada, and Mccullers met at the cigar bar. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:453
Lambdin is an accountant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Herrell is an optician. Revels is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Chapin is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the design expo, Revels, Herrell, Chapin, and Lambdin connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:454
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Knudsen is an optician. Lieu is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Segal is a mechanic. Abercrombie is a labourer. At the open gallery museum, Abercrombie, Knudsen, Segal, and Lieu met. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:455
Knoblauch is a chef. Boozer is a plumber. Morocho is an optician. Gibbens is a nurse. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Knoblauch, Morocho, Gibbens, and Boozer met at the party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:456
Donatelli is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Coss is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lapoint is a lecturer. Standifer is a plumber. At the local talk, Standifer, Donatelli, Lapoint, and Coss started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:457
Mccullers is an accountant. Wildes is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lent is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gamblin is a lecturer. At the dance class, Gamblin, Mccullers, Wildes, and Lent ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:458
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Fike is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rix is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Ochsner is an optician. Cates is a chef. At the restaurant, Fike, Rix, Ochsner, and Cates met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:459
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Briceno is a teacher. Mcneill is a lifeguard. Cavazos is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Vachon is a plumber. At the book club, Briceno, Cavazos, Vachon, and Mcneill started a conversation. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:460
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Harrop is a factory worker. Vaught is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Roche is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Crook is a labourer. At the bar crawl, Crook, Vaught, Harrop, and Roche met. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:461
Brockett is an optician. Current is a mechanic. Schill is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Teitelbaum is a nurse. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Schill, Teitelbaum, Current, and Brockett met at the bar crawl. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:462
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Parkin is an accountant. Moralez is a model. Krishnamurthy is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lepe is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Parkin, Moralez, Krishnamurthy, and Lepe met at the beach. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:463
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Yarborough is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ayon is a bus driver. Till is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Grandberry is a teacher. At the business expo, Ayon, Grandberry, Till, and Yarborough connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:464
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Combs is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Laskowski is a mechanic. Huffine is a dentist. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Considine is a stocking associate. At the open mic night, Huffine, Considine, Laskowski, and Combs met. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:465
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Maresca is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Peloquin is a newsreader. Toms is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Boyette is an optician. Toms, Maresca, Boyette, and Peloquin met at the bar crawl. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:466
Aultman is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mcgrane is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Barillas is a newsreader. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mihalik is an optician. At the retreat, Mcgrane, Mihalik, Barillas, and Aultman met. The party is going to be full. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:467
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Kuczynski is a chef. Dipietro is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Fiori is a hairdresser. Teasley is a labourer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Fiori, Kuczynski, Dipietro, and Teasley met at the specialty retail store. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. They reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:468
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Kerber is a dentist. Lent is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hocking is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Maes is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the group vacation, Kerber, Maes, Hocking, and Lent started a conversation. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:469
Strom is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Schick is a stocking associate. Slane is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Counts is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the retreat, Counts, Strom, Slane, and Schick connected. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:470
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Signorelli is a carpenter. Hooley is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Yohn is an electrician. Ishii is a newsreader. At the dance class, Ishii, Hooley, Yohn, and Signorelli started a conversation. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:471
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mix is a mechanic. Reber is a lifeguard. Trombly is a chef. Radcliff is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Reber, Radcliff, Mix, and Trombly met at the open gallery museum. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:472
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Tibbetts is a bus driver. Stearns is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Vanorden is a factory worker. Wilmot is an accountant. At the retreat, Vanorden, Stearns, Tibbetts, and Wilmot started a conversation. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:473
Beaver is a stocking associate. Timmer is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Menon is a hairdresser. Ting is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the holiday party, Timmer, Menon, Beaver, and Ting ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:474
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Furman is a lecturer. Starcher is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Abdo is a lifeguard. Zeller is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the house party, Zeller, Abdo, Starcher, and Furman started a conversation. The party is going to be full. Ze told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:475
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Juhl is a plumber. Gutowski is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ramires is a dentist. Debord is an electrician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Debord, Gutowski, Ramires, and Juhl met at the open gallery museum. Museums are great places to learn about culture. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:476
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Fout is a labourer. Sweitzer is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Konieczny is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Ells is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the cafe, Fout, Ells, Konieczny, and Sweitzer met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:477
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Western is a factory worker. Cornett is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Plant is a dentist. Morford is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the beach, Western, Morford, Cornett, and Plant met. The beach is full of a sense of awe and awe - inspiring beauty. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:478
Pon is a carpenter. Lambright is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Stines is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Vacca is a traffic warden. At the beach, Vacca, Stines, Lambright, and Pon met. The beach is full of a sense of awe and awe - inspiring beauty. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:479
Shelnutt is a model. Cruce is a hairdresser. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Schoen is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Mcmahan is a factory worker. At the cafe, Schoen, Mcmahan, Cruce, and Shelnutt started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:480
Borek is a bus driver. Alvord is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Forbes is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bos is an accountant. At the book club, Forbes, Bos, Borek, and Alvord connected. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:481
Gholston is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Bunce is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lampkins is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Taliaferro is a lifeguard. Bunce, Taliaferro, Gholston, and Lampkins met at the cooking class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:482
Cobbins is a dentist. Berge is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Voorhees is an accountant. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Bejar is a nurse. Voorhees, Cobbins, Bejar, and Berge met at the charity car wash. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:483
Carmean is a model. Spindler is a plumber. Hearns is an accountant. Gulati is a newsreader. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the boardwalk arcade, Carmean, Gulati, Hearns, and Spindler started a conversation. A lot of games have many different endings. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:484
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dickerson is a traffic warden. Breault is a carpenter. Wuest is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Rager is an accountant. At the group vacation, Dickerson, Wuest, Rager, and Breault started a conversation. The tour is an important part of the new generation. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:485
Riney is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hadaway is a nurse. Loera is a newsreader. Fucci is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the open mic night, Fucci, Riney, Loera, and Hadaway connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:486
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Thorson is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Morphis is a labourer. Alpert is a factory worker. Morefield is a chef. At the specialty retail store, Morefield, Thorson, Alpert, and Morphis connected. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:487
Mandujano is a mechanic. Petrus is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Urzua is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Updike is an electrician. At the cigar bar, Urzua, Mandujano, Updike, and Petrus ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:488
Slocum is a model. Mccutchen is a dentist. Nunnery is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gilson is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Nunnery, Gilson, Mccutchen, and Slocum met at the bar. The atmosphere was nice. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:489
Woodford is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hellman is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Miele is a chef. Mix is a lifeguard. At the open mic night, Hellman, Mix, Woodford, and Miele connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:490
Krogh is a lecturer. Tanguay is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Polito is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Eisenhauer is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the open gallery museum, Krogh, Tanguay, Polito, and Eisenhauer met. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:491
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Iorio is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Odom is a bus driver. Lauber is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Spady is an electrician. At the group vacation, Iorio, Spady, Odom, and Lauber met. The tour is an important part of the new generation. Ey told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:492
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cottingham is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Matus is a newsreader. Bealer is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Bird is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the music festival, Bealer, Cottingham, Bird, and Matus met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:493
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Orner is a mechanic. Causey is a nurse. Donnellan is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Whipple is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the grocery store, Causey, Orner, Whipple, and Donnellan met. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:494
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Gott is a nurse. Goodloe is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gallimore is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Weisner is a dentist. At the restaurant, Gallimore, Goodloe, Gott, and Weisner ran into each other. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:495
Cataldo is a hairdresser. Mcvey is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Arner is a newsreader. Higby is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the open mic night, Cataldo, Mcvey, Arner, and Higby started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:496
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Flippen is a lifeguard. Piasecki is a dentist. Gurley is a model. Bradfield is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the commuter bus, Gurley, Flippen, Bradfield, and Piasecki started a conversation. Public transports are eco-friendly. Ey told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:497
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Dulin is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Muscarella is a labourer. Coutts is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Hollingshead is a factory worker. At the gallery, Dulin, Coutts, Muscarella, and Hollingshead ran into each other. The museum has no such thing as free entry. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:498
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Applegate is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Millsaps is a stocking associate. Oliveros is an optician. Wyant is a hairdresser. Applegate, Millsaps, Oliveros, and Wyant met at the gallery opening event. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:499
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Murry is an electrician. Chenault is a plumber. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Dewolf is a teacher. Slawson is a chef. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the retreat, Chenault, Slawson, Dewolf, and Murry met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:500
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Tilton is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Mullinax is a chef. Brill is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hockett is a carpenter. At the local talk, Mullinax, Tilton, Brill, and Hockett started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:501
Lamas is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lemaire is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Vanleeuwen is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mummert is a traffic warden. At the hotel, Vanleeuwen, Lemaire, Lamas, and Mummert met. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:502
Catania is a mechanic. Corrales is a carpenter. Oxendine is a traffic warden. Horstman is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the house party, Oxendine, Catania, Horstman, and Corrales started a conversation. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:503
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Miyamoto is a hairdresser. Michaud is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Keele is a dentist. Doering is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the design expo, Keele, Doering, Miyamoto, and Michaud connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:504
Reiter is a chef. Sifuentes is a carpenter. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Bunch is a lecturer. Vang is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the wedding, Reiter, Bunch, Sifuentes, and Vang met. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:505
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Kissinger is a lifeguard. Lopes is a newsreader. Moldovan is a model. Erb is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the grocery store, Kissinger, Lopes, Moldovan, and Erb connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:506
Cordeiro is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Batra is a dentist. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hires is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Artman is a model. At the school reunion, Batra, Hires, Cordeiro, and Artman met. A large number of people attend these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:507
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Benner is a lecturer. Dulaney is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Troiano is a chef. Canfield is a newsreader. At the food and drink festival, Benner, Troiano, Canfield, and Dulaney started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. Ze told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:508
Shivers is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Fouch is a chef. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Levingston is a dentist. Landes is a teacher. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the dog park, Shivers, Fouch, Landes, and Levingston met. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:509
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Arner is a traffic warden. Eaddy is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gadsden is a teacher. Hogue is a stocking associate. At the group vacation, Eaddy, Hogue, Gadsden, and Arner started a conversation. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:510
Fortin is a teacher. Keys is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Maroney is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Thrower is a nurse. Fortin, Maroney, Thrower, and Keys met at the open gallery museum. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:511
Hudgens is a bus driver. Mattocks is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Santelli is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Shurtz is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the social community gathering, Mattocks, Santelli, Shurtz, and Hudgens ran into each other. It is important to work together. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:512
Pineda is a newsreader. Armitage is a nurse. Fickes is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Telfer is an optician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Armitage, Pineda, Telfer, and Fickes met at the local talk. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:513
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Heuser is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Weiler is a lecturer. Draughn is a mechanic. Becton is a newsreader. At the commuter bus, Weiler, Draughn, Becton, and Heuser met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:514
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Milliron is an accountant. Pomerantz is a teacher. Dickerson is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Flesch is a lecturer. Pomerantz, Milliron, Dickerson, and Flesch met at the school reunion. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:515
Bhatia is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Swindell is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Henninger is an electrician. Kunze is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Swindell, Henninger, Kunze, and Bhatia met at the cigar bar. The place was crowded. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:516
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Colonna is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Scurlock is a lecturer. Stolte is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Casselman is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the subway, Colonna, Scurlock, Stolte, and Casselman ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:517
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Boyer is an optician. Guest is a hairdresser. Bidwell is a chef. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Kovac is a plumber. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bidwell, Boyer, Kovac, and Guest met at the holiday party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:518
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Alderman is an electrician. Tackett is a teacher. Sandridge is a lecturer. Liptak is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the gallery, Tackett, Liptak, Sandridge, and Alderman ran into each other. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:519
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Marsala is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lanz is a chef. Fair is a dentist. Hesser is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the social community gathering, Lanz, Marsala, Hesser, and Fair started a conversation. The community is at a crossroads here. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:520
Alcorta is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Ewert is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Wyckoff is a bus driver. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Casados is a mechanic. Ewert, Alcorta, Casados, and Wyckoff met at the dance class. Classes provide fun and challenge. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:521
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Morrisey is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Shipp is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Grandberry is an accountant. Enlow is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the theater festival, Shipp, Grandberry, Morrisey, and Enlow started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:522
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Aleman is a stocking associate. Rix is a labourer. Macdougall is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Chalk is a carpenter. At the local talk, Macdougall, Rix, Aleman, and Chalk connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:523
Lashbrook is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Fitzwater is a labourer. Bednarz is a mechanic. Eggert is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the school reunion, Bednarz, Fitzwater, Lashbrook, and Eggert connected. A large number of people attend these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:524
Slezak is a dentist. Palos is a carpenter. Echols is an optician. Dingle is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the cooking class, Echols, Slezak, Dingle, and Palos ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:525
Freed is a model. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcguckin is a carpenter. Bieker is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Gerber is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the theater festival, Freed, Gerber, Mcguckin, and Bieker started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:526
Selle is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Daw is a newsreader. Hoover is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gress is a hairdresser. At the group vacation, Daw, Hoover, Gress, and Selle started a conversation. Tours help one discover the city. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:527
Doll is a mechanic. Popov is a factory worker. Pyle is a teacher. Roloff is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the design expo, Popov, Doll, Roloff, and Pyle ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:528
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Romig is a lecturer. Rode is a hairdresser. Trang is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Greenwalt is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the party, Trang, Greenwalt, Rode, and Romig connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:529
Vanbrunt is a bus driver. Cusick is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Weekes is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mallet is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the theater festival, Cusick, Weekes, Mallet, and Vanbrunt met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:530
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Suniga is a factory worker. Riedel is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bing is a bus driver. Gade is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the cooking class, Bing, Gade, Riedel, and Suniga connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:531
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Chatelain is a mechanic. Guidry is an electrician. Armas is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Vanriper is a nurse. At the wedding, Armas, Chatelain, Vanriper, and Guidry ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:532
Merriman is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hunsaker is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ziemer is a lecturer. Quinones is a labourer. Quinones, Merriman, Hunsaker, and Ziemer met at the commuter bus. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. Ey told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:533
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Strom is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Viveros is a teacher. Marburger is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Schrecengost is a labourer. Marburger, Viveros, Schrecengost, and Strom met at the local talk. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:534
Piasecki is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Vancil is an accountant. Bronstein is a teacher. Oram is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the open mic night, Oram, Bronstein, Vancil, and Piasecki started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:535
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bourg is a newsreader. Gossage is a chef. Acuna is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Goggin is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Gossage, Acuna, Goggin, and Bourg met at the dog park. The dogs that play here are super cute. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:536
Turrentine is a stocking associate. Meier is a bus driver. Hile is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Korn is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the holiday party, Hile, Korn, Turrentine, and Meier connected. The party is going to be full. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:537
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hatchell is a chef. Clanton is a bus driver. Dulaney is a mechanic. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Kogut is an optician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the hotel, Clanton, Kogut, Dulaney, and Hatchell connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:538
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Flickinger is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Guill is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Enyart is a nurse. Bittner is a traffic warden. At the halloweeen party, Enyart, Bittner, Flickinger, and Guill started a conversation. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:539
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Haith is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Fadden is a dentist. Wolfson is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Alger is an electrician. At the holiday party, Fadden, Haith, Alger, and Wolfson started a conversation. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:540
Mallet is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Turano is a stocking associate. Raker is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bastida is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bastida, Turano, Mallet, and Raker met at the hotel. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:541
Parrilla is a carpenter. Kenworthy is a bus driver. Rodgers is a dentist. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Powers is an optician. At the wedding, Powers, Rodgers, Kenworthy, and Parrilla started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:542
Shetty is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Reames is a lifeguard. Mathurin is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Loria is an accountant. At the specialty retail store, Reames, Shetty, Mathurin, and Loria connected. The market is open to all genders and ages. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:543
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Modica is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Guymon is an electrician. Trogdon is a labourer. Cassara is a mechanic. At the holiday party, Cassara, Trogdon, Modica, and Guymon ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:544
Hornung is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Byas is a teacher. Cullison is an accountant. Sites is a plumber. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the local talk, Sites, Cullison, Byas, and Hornung ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:545
Fairfield is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Deshazo is a lecturer. Gordy is a hairdresser. Hittle is a labourer. At the food and drink festival, Fairfield, Hittle, Gordy, and Deshazo connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:546
Popescu is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cowell is an optician. Jahnke is a nurse. Giunta is a newsreader. At the design expo, Cowell, Popescu, Giunta, and Jahnke started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:547
Bourn is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Draves is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Mcgurk is a plumber. Simonsen is a factory worker. Mcgurk, Simonsen, Bourn, and Draves met at the dance class. This class has amazing outcomes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:548
Littles is a teacher. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Navarrette is a nurse. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Severson is a plumber. Hayslip is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the bar crawl, Littles, Navarrette, Hayslip, and Severson connected. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:549
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Culhane is a factory worker. Maines is a plumber. Celis is a dentist. Koger is a hairdresser. At the design expo, Koger, Celis, Culhane, and Maines started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:550
Fair is a lifeguard. Delrosario is a carpenter. Lundy is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Quiroga is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Delrosario, Quiroga, Fair, and Lundy met at the business expo. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:551
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Eisenhart is a dentist. Alcorn is a plumber. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rayburn is a chef. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Chaput is a traffic warden. At the cigar bar, Alcorn, Rayburn, Chaput, and Eisenhart started a conversation. The place is nice. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:552
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Parmar is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dimitrov is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gast is a lifeguard. Grimm is a lecturer. At the halloweeen party, Grimm, Gast, Parmar, and Dimitrov started a conversation. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:553
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Caprio is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Broadhead is a plumber. Uhler is a traffic warden. Wethington is a stocking associate. Caprio, Broadhead, Uhler, and Wethington met at the holiday party. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:554
Pray is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Fernald is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sloss is an optician. Sikes is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Fernald, Sloss, Sikes, and Pray met at the house party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". They reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:555
Sonnier is a factory worker. Bayard is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pelayo is an electrician. Vejar is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Sonnier, Bayard, Pelayo, and Vejar met at the business expo. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:556
Ferrel is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Shih is a plumber. Scheele is a model. Heiss is a newsreader. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the book club, Shih, Heiss, Ferrel, and Scheele met. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:557
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ferri is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gauthier is a hairdresser. Trang is a chef. Brey is a lifeguard. At the music festival, Brey, Ferri, Gauthier, and Trang ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:558
Ingalls is a bus driver. Lowrie is a dentist. Fichter is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lesher is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the halloweeen party, Fichter, Lesher, Lowrie, and Ingalls connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:559
Krogh is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Westendorf is an accountant. Scriven is a carpenter. Foye is an electrician. At the school reunion, Scriven, Foye, Krogh, and Westendorf met. This event is to help make the community a better place. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:560
Cruickshank is an accountant. Philpot is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lathrop is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Gilstrap is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the food and drink festival, Cruickshank, Gilstrap, Philpot, and Lathrop connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:561
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Burner is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Vacca is an electrician. Deshong is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Harrelson is an accountant. At the music festival, Deshong, Harrelson, Burner, and Vacca met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:562
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Hodgdon is an electrician. Cannella is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Luera is a labourer. Lamay is a newsreader. At the beach, Cannella, Hodgdon, Lamay, and Luera started a conversation. The beach is just right, the ocean is n't too big, people and the sun are always just right. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:563
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Grund is a teacher. Hardt is an electrician. Debellis is a nurse. Arrowood is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the bar, Hardt, Arrowood, Debellis, and Grund started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:564
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Nakashima is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Pinkney is a traffic warden. Cousin is a teacher. Blackford is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the social community gathering, Blackford, Nakashima, Cousin, and Pinkney ran into each other. The community has an open kitchen. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:565
Guizar is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Fan is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Abrego is a lifeguard. Ferrante is an optician. Ferrante, Guizar, Fan, and Abrego met at the party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:566
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Krug is a plumber. Piland is an accountant. Rector is a lifeguard. Roehm is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the house party, Rector, Piland, Krug, and Roehm connected. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:567
Horstman is a nurse. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Shurtz is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Buckingham is a lifeguard. Cottrell is a teacher. Shurtz, Buckingham, Cottrell, and Horstman met at the cigar bar. The atmosphere was nice. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:568
Pitcher is a dentist. Byerley is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Schuler is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cichon is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the theater festival, Pitcher, Byerley, Cichon, and Schuler connected. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:569
Farrer is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Vaidya is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Bizzell is an accountant. Ropp is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the boardwalk arcade, Vaidya, Farrer, Ropp, and Bizzell ran into each other. The game can be interesting. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:570
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Zukowski is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Vansickle is an optician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Forte is a bus driver. Eubank is a lecturer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the book club, Forte, Vansickle, Eubank, and Zukowski met. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:571
Slezak is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Owenby is a bus driver. Lisk is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Spina is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the dance class, Slezak, Owenby, Lisk, and Spina met. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:572
Hinds is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Boudreaux is a labourer. Watters is a dentist. Calvert is a factory worker. At the subway, Calvert, Watters, Boudreaux, and Hinds met. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:573
Acevedo is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kirschbaum is an electrician. Carmack is a carpenter. Perreault is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the boardwalk arcade, Kirschbaum, Acevedo, Carmack, and Perreault ran into each other. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:574
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Bonet is a traffic warden. Koh is a nurse. Peak is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Harder is an accountant. At the bar crawl, Peak, Harder, Bonet, and Koh met. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:575
Turlington is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hinkle is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Tenorio is a stocking associate. Berber is a carpenter. At the boardwalk arcade, Hinkle, Turlington, Berber, and Tenorio started a conversation. There is a lot of space to play games here. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:576
Hasegawa is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Choudhury is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lyke is a lifeguard. Hedge is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the social community gathering, Choudhury, Hedge, Hasegawa, and Lyke connected. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:577
Keener is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcphillips is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gonsalves is an electrician. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gillman is a factory worker. At the boardwalk arcade, Gillman, Mcphillips, Keener, and Gonsalves connected. The game can be interesting. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:578
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bayard is a carpenter. Simonsen is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Skillman is a teacher. Pucci is an electrician. At the dance class, Skillman, Bayard, Simonsen, and Pucci met. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. Ze reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:579
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sylvestre is a teacher. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hankinson is a carpenter. Coghill is an optician. Leday is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the halloweeen party, Sylvestre, Coghill, Leday, and Hankinson started a conversation. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:580
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Saini is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hile is a hairdresser. Inman is a mechanic. Hatchell is a plumber. Hatchell, Hile, Inman, and Saini met at the bar crawl. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:581
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bolds is a plumber. Utz is a chef. Mazzarella is a mechanic. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kurowski is a stocking associate. At the open mic night, Kurowski, Mazzarella, Bolds, and Utz started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:582
Tune is an electrician. Roybal is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Parente is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Barboza is a carpenter. At the beach, Barboza, Tune, Parente, and Roybal connected. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:583
Clymer is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Vanriper is a model. Lindblom is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Juhl is a bus driver. Lindblom, Clymer, Juhl, and Vanriper met at the bar. The coffee tea is great. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:584
Markham is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Gonser is a factory worker. Azam is a model. Strom is an electrician. At the dog park, Strom, Markham, Azam, and Gonser met. The dogs here are lovely. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:585
Player is a mechanic. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Colligan is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wunder is a carpenter. Qi is a chef. At the house party, Colligan, Qi, Player, and Wunder connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:586
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Oropeza is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Wild is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bonfiglio is a hairdresser. Accardi is a stocking associate. At the social community gathering, Bonfiglio, Oropeza, Accardi, and Wild met. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:587
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Defazio is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ingraham is a dentist. Aikens is an optician. Grimm is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the music festival, Grimm, Defazio, Aikens, and Ingraham ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:588
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Jinks is a bus driver. Chalfant is a carpenter. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Zamarripa is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Krogh is a newsreader. Chalfant, Jinks, Krogh, and Zamarripa met at the specialty retail store. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:589
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Oneal is a nurse. Fallin is a labourer. Chupp is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Duhart is an optician. At the bar crawl, Duhart, Chupp, Oneal, and Fallin started a conversation. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:590
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Laferriere is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Hurd is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Jorgenson is a labourer. Vejar is a stocking associate. At the food and drink festival, Jorgenson, Hurd, Laferriere, and Vejar started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:591
Rosenberry is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Raulerson is a stocking associate. Knauer is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Stripling is a carpenter. At the wedding, Rosenberry, Knauer, Stripling, and Raulerson started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:592
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Foushee is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Calvert is an accountant. Eells is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Leitch is a traffic warden. At the social community gathering, Foushee, Leitch, Calvert, and Eells started a conversation. Community service is wonderful. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:593
Denney is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hawks is a nurse. Newhart is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Ferry is a bus driver. At the halloweeen party, Newhart, Hawks, Denney, and Ferry met. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:594
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Pollard is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcmillin is a bus driver. Burgard is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Jelks is a newsreader. Pollard, Mcmillin, Jelks, and Burgard met at the social community gathering. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:595
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Modica is a traffic warden. Frawley is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brinkmann is a hairdresser. Rada is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the open gallery museum, Rada, Frawley, Modica, and Brinkmann met. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:596
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Simons is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Doles is a plumber. Morgado is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Glisson is a hairdresser. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the design expo, Doles, Simons, Glisson, and Morgado met. The event is free and open to all people. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:597
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gott is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Orndorff is a traffic warden. Hibbard is a model. Dingess is a teacher. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the bar crawl, Orndorff, Hibbard, Gott, and Dingess started a conversation. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:598
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Foushee is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Spath is a traffic warden. Capel is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Buckman is a bus driver. At the dog park, Spath, Capel, Buckman, and Foushee met. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:599
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Wieczorek is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mendonca is a stocking associate. Deshazo is a lifeguard. Mcghee is a nurse. At the commuter bus, Deshazo, Wieczorek, Mendonca, and Mcghee ran into each other. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:600
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Boivin is a bus driver. Kovac is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Buckmaster is a nurse. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Deer is a plumber. At the restaurant, Buckmaster, Deer, Boivin, and Kovac started a conversation. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:601
Meche is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Urzua is an electrician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Dickenson is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Brugger is an accountant. At the wedding, Meche, Dickenson, Brugger, and Urzua met. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:602
Marburger is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Seales is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Timmer is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Filler is a stocking associate. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the beach, Seales, Marburger, Timmer, and Filler ran into each other. The beach is much cleaner than the most popular beach of the city. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:603
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Hammonds is a chef. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Deeb is a nurse. Dryer is a hairdresser. Rancourt is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the bar, Deeb, Hammonds, Rancourt, and Dryer met. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. Ey told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:604
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Brimmer is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Sanner is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Smoker is a plumber. Beller is a dentist. At the dog park, Brimmer, Beller, Smoker, and Sanner started a conversation. The park site for more information about the location. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:605
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Maass is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Innocent is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wong is a mechanic. Meagher is a nurse. At the social community gathering, Meagher, Wong, Innocent, and Maass met. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:606
Brodbeck is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Bohannon is a plumber. Fallin is a labourer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Cantley is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the dance class, Brodbeck, Cantley, Bohannon, and Fallin connected. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:607
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Dykes is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brunetti is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hittle is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Scearce is a traffic warden. At the bar, Dykes, Hittle, Scearce, and Brunetti ran into each other. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:608
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mix is a stocking associate. Hepp is a carpenter. Sosebee is an accountant. Pasko is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the school reunion, Mix, Sosebee, Hepp, and Pasko connected. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:609
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Finger is a carpenter. Lipp is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Blandon is an optician. Tack is a dentist. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the design expo, Tack, Blandon, Lipp, and Finger connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. Ey reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:610
Mcinerney is a chef. Lisk is a lifeguard. Curcio is a teacher. Lefler is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the grocery store, Lisk, Curcio, Lefler, and Mcinerney ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. Ey reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:611
Tower is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Almon is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Goldsmith is a model. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Kroger is a dentist. Tower, Goldsmith, Almon, and Kroger met at the food and drink festival. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:612
Seabolt is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Broad is an accountant. Raye is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lunt is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the boardwalk arcade, Raye, Lunt, Seabolt, and Broad met. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:613
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Vanorden is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Florez is a mechanic. Wiser is a lecturer. Slavik is a factory worker. At the boardwalk arcade, Slavik, Wiser, Florez, and Vanorden started a conversation. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:614
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Breed is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Bastin is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cheng is a lecturer. Upham is a labourer. At the boardwalk arcade, Upham, Cheng, Bastin, and Breed met. The weather is nice for games today. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:615
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Backman is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Deboard is a model. Salas is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Finegan is a carpenter. At the party, Deboard, Salas, Finegan, and Backman met. The party is free entry for everyone. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:616
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gallucci is a model. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dubay is a newsreader. Fowles is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Baillargeon is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the boardwalk arcade, Fowles, Baillargeon, Gallucci, and Dubay met. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:617
Montagna is a plumber. Nwosu is a labourer. Jury is a nurse. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Pon is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the retreat, Montagna, Pon, Jury, and Nwosu met. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:618
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Blackard is a lecturer. Glasscock is a bus driver. Dall is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Knudtson is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the design expo, Knudtson, Dall, Blackard, and Glasscock ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:619
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lund is a bus driver. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Shear is a hairdresser. Lechner is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Nussbaum is a chef. At the retreat, Shear, Lund, Lechner, and Nussbaum connected. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:620
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Sikes is a plumber. Tapscott is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Teeple is an accountant. Guynn is a stocking associate. Sikes, Teeple, Guynn, and Tapscott met at the holiday party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:621
Suresh is an electrician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gilles is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hocking is an optician. Stein is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the music festival, Hocking, Stein, Gilles, and Suresh ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:622
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Parsons is an electrician. Gause is a traffic warden. Lacour is a teacher. Swart is a labourer. At the house party, Swart, Parsons, Lacour, and Gause connected. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:623
Munz is a lecturer. Ouzts is an accountant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Sproles is a hairdresser. Revels is a nurse. At the cigar bar, Munz, Ouzts, Sproles, and Revels connected. The atmosphere was nice. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:624
Cuellar is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pharr is a model. Lashbrook is a lecturer. Sano is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pharr, Cuellar, Lashbrook, and Sano met at the subway. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:625
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Ulysse is a factory worker. Marenco is a traffic warden. Cabot is a chef. Buettner is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Marenco, Cabot, Ulysse, and Buettner met at the beach. The beach is so warm and so peaceful that one does not need to hide. They reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:626
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Harrah is a dentist. Sweitzer is a newsreader. Chenault is a mechanic. Hamel is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the dance class, Harrah, Chenault, Sweitzer, and Hamel started a conversation. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:627
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcbryde is an electrician. Tsao is a dentist. Lightsey is a bus driver. Wysong is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the halloweeen party, Wysong, Tsao, Lightsey, and Mcbryde ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:628
Fouch is a mechanic. Abate is a teacher. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Harrigan is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bartee is a dentist. At the wedding, Abate, Fouch, Bartee, and Harrigan connected. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:629
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gowan is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Garey is a dentist. Lerman is a lifeguard. Hundt is a mechanic. Lerman, Gowan, Garey, and Hundt met at the theater festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:630
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Tripodi is a factory worker. Saenz is a model. Nissen is a lecturer. Laliberte is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the book club, Tripodi, Nissen, Laliberte, and Saenz started a conversation. Book clubs help expand social circles. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:631
Moos is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Beacham is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Provo is a stocking associate. Trang is a lecturer. At the bar, Trang, Moos, Provo, and Beacham started a conversation. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:632
Marrs is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Huhn is a hairdresser. Hail is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fray is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the book club, Fray, Marrs, Hail, and Huhn ran into each other. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:633
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gaskins is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Croston is a factory worker. Newhart is a chef. Matthies is a dentist. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Matthies, Newhart, Croston, and Gaskins met. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:634
Siu is a labourer. Eichhorn is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hesser is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Glade is an optician. Eichhorn, Siu, Glade, and Hesser met at the design expo. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:635
Geib is a model. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Eyre is a teacher. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Whitmore is an electrician. Boehmer is an optician. At the music festival, Whitmore, Geib, Eyre, and Boehmer ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:636
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Czarnecki is a newsreader. Hepp is a lecturer. Oram is a model. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Crean is an optician. At the cafe, Crean, Hepp, Czarnecki, and Oram connected. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:637
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Palo is a mechanic. Dowler is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Sifuentes is a nurse. Grandberry is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the music festival, Dowler, Grandberry, Palo, and Sifuentes ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:638
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Atherton is a newsreader. Hursey is a lecturer. Villegas is a carpenter. Lind is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the business expo, Atherton, Hursey, Lind, and Villegas started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:639
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Yard is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Solberg is a nurse. Rode is a mechanic. Routt is a factory worker. At the wedding, Rode, Yard, Routt, and Solberg ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:640
Seeber is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lipton is a hairdresser. Naik is a traffic warden. Pack is an electrician. At the party, Naik, Lipton, Seeber, and Pack connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. Ey told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:641
Hooks is a labourer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gott is a lifeguard. Michaelson is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Frates is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the open mic night, Gott, Michaelson, Hooks, and Frates connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:642
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Easterling is a hairdresser. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Thomson is a labourer. Reichel is a newsreader. Perrigo is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the gallery, Easterling, Thomson, Perrigo, and Reichel ran into each other. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:643
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Vallone is a bus driver. Brouillette is a dentist. Pazmino is a lifeguard. Horrocks is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the group vacation, Horrocks, Vallone, Brouillette, and Pazmino connected. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:644
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Midgette is a model. Keck is an optician. Raabe is a nurse. Sisneros is a plumber. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the school reunion, Raabe, Sisneros, Keck, and Midgette started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:645
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Laws is a hairdresser. Leal is a labourer. Cendejas is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hirschman is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Cendejas, Leal, Laws, and Hirschman met at the commuter bus. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:646
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Scheer is a teacher. Klos is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lieu is a nurse. Leighty is a factory worker. At the bar, Leighty, Klos, Lieu, and Scheer started a conversation. The coffee tea is great. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:647
Conard is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Guillory is an optician. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Rifkin is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Brummer is a factory worker. At the charity car wash, Guillory, Conard, Brummer, and Rifkin ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:648
Parisi is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Raju is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Estell is a mechanic. Hunsicker is a bus driver. At the music festival, Hunsicker, Estell, Parisi, and Raju ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:649
Summerford is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bruch is an electrician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Minton is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Grams is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the open mic night, Minton, Grams, Bruch, and Summerford met. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:650
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mabie is a chef. Bergquist is a mechanic. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Morse is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Neu is a nurse. At the bar, Morse, Neu, Bergquist, and Mabie met. One of the few spots for everyone. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:651
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Dellinger is a teacher. Granda is a mechanic. Carlock is a chef. Arbaugh is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the cafe, Granda, Dellinger, Arbaugh, and Carlock connected. The drinks are served on time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:652
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Stubbs is a lifeguard. Hinds is a newsreader. Grasso is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bogar is a factory worker. At the business expo, Grasso, Stubbs, Hinds, and Bogar ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:653
Mccune is a chef. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Eilers is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Kreider is a carpenter. Otwell is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the dance class, Eilers, Otwell, Mccune, and Kreider ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:654
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Labrada is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Jorgensen is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Skillman is a carpenter. Burdine is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the hotel, Labrada, Burdine, Skillman, and Jorgensen met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:655
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Gula is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Yopp is a model. Corrales is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Palmatier is a factory worker. At the theater festival, Palmatier, Yopp, Gula, and Corrales started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:656
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Steinman is a labourer. Luton is a nurse. Parmelee is a stocking associate. Chery is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the group vacation, Luton, Parmelee, Steinman, and Chery ran into each other. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:657
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Griffey is a plumber. Woodhouse is an optician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cataldo is a newsreader. Trosclair is a nurse. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the dog park, Woodhouse, Cataldo, Griffey, and Trosclair ran into each other. All the flowers in the park are so nice. They reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:658
Spinella is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Beiler is a labourer. Lopezmartinez is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Asbury is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the music festival, Lopezmartinez, Spinella, Asbury, and Beiler ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:659
Weekley is a teacher. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Shrestha is a model. Taulbee is a labourer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Espinola is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the food and drink festival, Weekley, Taulbee, Shrestha, and Espinola met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:660
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Baskerville is an accountant. Stubbs is a lecturer. Blackford is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Rentz is a labourer. Baskerville, Blackford, Stubbs, and Rentz met at the grocery store. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:661
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Manna is a lecturer. Pelayo is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Harnden is an electrician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Luckey is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the group vacation, Harnden, Pelayo, Luckey, and Manna met. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:662
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cheatwood is a labourer. Beltz is a model. Dieguez is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Matthies is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Dieguez, Matthies, Cheatwood, and Beltz met at the grocery store. The market is a big source of income for many people. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:663
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Huskey is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Citizen is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Bizzell is a lecturer. Magana is a labourer. Bizzell, Citizen, Magana, and Huskey met at the halloweeen party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:664
Conti is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Jacobowitz is a traffic warden. Hamburg is a labourer. Beller is a plumber. At the boardwalk arcade, Conti, Jacobowitz, Beller, and Hamburg connected. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:665
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pauli is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pulley is a labourer. Brightman is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Vose is an optician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the boardwalk arcade, Pauli, Pulley, Vose, and Brightman met. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:666
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Camberos is a plumber. Padgett is a teacher. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Headrick is a stocking associate. Furtado is a lifeguard. At the cigar bar, Camberos, Furtado, Headrick, and Padgett started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:667
Brucker is a chef. Lozada is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Ellard is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Kangas is a mechanic. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Brucker, Lozada, Ellard, and Kangas met at the subway. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:668
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Delosreyes is a traffic warden. Bahr is a plumber. Wickman is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Dulin is a stocking associate. At the gallery opening event, Wickman, Dulin, Delosreyes, and Bahr ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:669
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Crum is a lecturer. Drewes is a stocking associate. Tichenor is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Pavia is a model. At the charity car wash, Pavia, Tichenor, Crum, and Drewes started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:670
Cochran is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Shear is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kea is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pagel is a lecturer. At the hotel, Shear, Cochran, Pagel, and Kea started a conversation. It is a cool place to hang out. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:671
Diederich is a plumber. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rieger is an accountant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Stallard is a teacher. Brunetti is a dentist. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the music festival, Rieger, Stallard, Diederich, and Brunetti started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:672
Agan is a chef. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Guglielmo is an optician. Turano is a model. Turnipseed is a carpenter. Turnipseed, Agan, Turano, and Guglielmo met at the design expo. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:673
Hepburn is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cirillo is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Schoonmaker is a dentist. Goldsmith is a traffic warden. At the bar, Cirillo, Goldsmith, Schoonmaker, and Hepburn met. One of the few spots for everyone. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:674
Arriaza is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Legler is an optician. Olivero is a chef. Cuomo is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Legler, Olivero, Arriaza, and Cuomo met at the open mic night. A large number of people attend these events. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:675
Froman is an electrician. Bontrager is a labourer. Benes is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mcgurk is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the group vacation, Froman, Bontrager, Mcgurk, and Benes started a conversation. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:676
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mckeen is a mechanic. Oyler is an optician. Keitt is a lifeguard. Litman is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the halloweeen party, Oyler, Litman, Keitt, and Mckeen connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:677
Scudder is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Snipes is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Flack is a bus driver. Mccune is a lifeguard. At the food and drink festival, Mccune, Scudder, Snipes, and Flack connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:678
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Freiberg is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Shore is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ehrhardt is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Peay is a nurse. At the book club, Shore, Peay, Freiberg, and Ehrhardt ran into each other. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:679
Munz is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Peery is a carpenter. Disbrow is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Ayon is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the dog park, Munz, Peery, Disbrow, and Ayon ran into each other. The park is good. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:680
Sherk is a plumber. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Abell is a model. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Koeller is a mechanic. Buswell is a lecturer. Sherk, Abell, Koeller, and Buswell met at the party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:681
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Peak is a model. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Negri is a dentist. Serpa is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Haar is a chef. At the business expo, Haar, Serpa, Peak, and Negri started a conversation. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:682
Pinard is a stocking associate. Ferrante is an optician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Schlenker is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Sargeant is a newsreader. At the power yoga class, Schlenker, Ferrante, Sargeant, and Pinard ran into each other. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:683
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Clawson is a plumber. Enfinger is a dentist. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hopp is an accountant. Mendonca is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the book club, Mendonca, Enfinger, Hopp, and Clawson ran into each other. Book clubs help expand social circles. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:684
Sylla is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Earnhardt is a model. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcmorris is a factory worker. Mullinax is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the grocery store, Earnhardt, Sylla, Mcmorris, and Mullinax ran into each other. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:685
Walls is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kea is a lifeguard. Tabron is a newsreader. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Macintyre is a factory worker. At the grocery store, Tabron, Macintyre, Walls, and Kea connected. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. They reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:686
Riddell is a labourer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Um is a plumber. Pyne is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lawrie is a mechanic. At the theater festival, Um, Lawrie, Pyne, and Riddell met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:687
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Summers is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Savard is a hairdresser. Rosas is a bus driver. Gaither is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the cooking class, Gaither, Rosas, Summers, and Savard met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:688
Ferreyra is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Speegle is a labourer. Keener is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bruning is a mechanic. Bruning, Speegle, Ferreyra, and Keener met at the gallery. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:689
Pillsbury is a bus driver. Cadwell is a carpenter. Giddens is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Moretti is a dentist. At the open mic night, Giddens, Cadwell, Moretti, and Pillsbury ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:690
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Kroger is a plumber. Corrao is a traffic warden. Mcpeek is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Otey is a chef. At the power yoga class, Mcpeek, Otey, Corrao, and Kroger met. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:691
Sapp is an electrician. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Pitt is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Ta is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hammill is a factory worker. At the dog park, Hammill, Ta, Sapp, and Pitt met. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:692
Barcenas is a chef. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mckissick is a mechanic. Cowling is a lecturer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Eggert is a labourer. At the commuter bus, Barcenas, Eggert, Mckissick, and Cowling started a conversation. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:693
Stpeter is a nurse. Burstein is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Harrold is a model. Begin is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the holiday party, Burstein, Stpeter, Harrold, and Begin met. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:694
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Lineberry is an electrician. Vangundy is an accountant. Ridgway is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Fairfax is a bus driver. At the grocery store, Ridgway, Fairfax, Lineberry, and Vangundy met. The market is divided into sub-markets. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:695
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wittmer is a bus driver. Weikel is a teacher. Worthy is a plumber. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Arens is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the wedding, Weikel, Wittmer, Worthy, and Arens ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:696
Mcguckin is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cardella is a lifeguard. Gerner is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Roche is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the open mic night, Roche, Cardella, Gerner, and Mcguckin ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:697
Brittingham is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Huneycutt is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Sylvain is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Buhler is a stocking associate. At the restaurant, Huneycutt, Sylvain, Buhler, and Brittingham ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:698
Schweiger is an accountant. Parrott is a bus driver. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Napoli is a hairdresser. Juhl is a newsreader. Schweiger, Napoli, Juhl, and Parrott met at the hotel. The beer is excellent. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:699
Kurland is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Lehman is a hairdresser. Wetherell is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Marr is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the party, Kurland, Wetherell, Marr, and Lehman ran into each other. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:700
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Browder is a mechanic. Neale is a plumber. Wilcher is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Sasaki is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the hotel, Neale, Sasaki, Browder, and Wilcher connected. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:701
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Gurung is a stocking associate. Ke is a carpenter. Hartzler is a hairdresser. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Toro is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the cooking class, Gurung, Ke, Hartzler, and Toro connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:702
Bing is a factory worker. Gooch is a mechanic. Romer is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Goodwin is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Bing, Goodwin, Gooch, and Romer met at the dog park. The water is very good and clean. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:703
Fulmer is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Muscarella is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Marini is a carpenter. Ni is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Marini, Ni, Muscarella, and Fulmer met at the subway. The public transports are public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:704
Aviles is an optician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Flippin is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Alger is a factory worker. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Alkire is a chef. At the local talk, Flippin, Alger, Aviles, and Alkire ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:705
Vansant is a nurse. Rada is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Thoreson is a chef. Kibbe is a teacher. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the cigar bar, Kibbe, Thoreson, Vansant, and Rada ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:706
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Estep is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Gober is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Shutt is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Rancourt is a stocking associate. At the gallery opening event, Shutt, Gober, Estep, and Rancourt ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:707
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gehringer is an accountant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Sheperd is an optician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Gallaway is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hinds is a lifeguard. At the school reunion, Sheperd, Hinds, Gehringer, and Gallaway started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:708
Mote is a hairdresser. Kea is a model. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Trott is a carpenter. Stamps is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the bar, Mote, Kea, Trott, and Stamps started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:709
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Keehn is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Negri is a nurse. Erb is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Scherr is a bus driver. Negri, Keehn, Scherr, and Erb met at the commuter bus. Public transports are easy to find. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:710
Severson is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Wimberley is a traffic warden. Legrand is a teacher. Heilig is a hairdresser. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the social community gathering, Legrand, Severson, Wimberley, and Heilig started a conversation. We have to work together through different platforms. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:711
Trawick is a labourer. Scheffer is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Calvert is a lecturer. Kunze is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the open mic night, Kunze, Trawick, Calvert, and Scheffer started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:712
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Silverman is a lecturer. Holmgren is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Allard is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Eaton is a model. At the music festival, Holmgren, Silverman, Allard, and Eaton started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:713
Piasecki is a carpenter. Sapp is a hairdresser. Ficklin is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hair is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ficklin, Sapp, Hair, and Piasecki met at the open mic night. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:714
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Loffredo is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Soderstrom is a teacher. Corrales is a traffic warden. Parisi is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the holiday party, Parisi, Loffredo, Soderstrom, and Corrales met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:715
Sandman is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Jurgensen is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Maberry is a carpenter. Woodford is a factory worker. At the hotel, Maberry, Woodford, Jurgensen, and Sandman started a conversation. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:716
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Person is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Peacock is a mechanic. Spohn is a lecturer. Huffer is an accountant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Person, Huffer, Spohn, and Peacock met at the power yoga class. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:717
Mccune is a labourer. Porath is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Morphis is a bus driver. Choquette is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Choquette, Morphis, Porath, and Mccune met at the open gallery museum. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:718
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Barrs is an accountant. Conklin is a dentist. Lenart is a labourer. Belanger is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the local talk, Barrs, Conklin, Lenart, and Belanger started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:719
Kiesel is a plumber. Ocon is a mechanic. Andrade is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Brodeur is a labourer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the beach, Brodeur, Kiesel, Andrade, and Ocon met. The ocean is peaceful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:720
Beiler is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Cousin is a carpenter. Pollard is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Alt is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the house party, Alt, Pollard, Beiler, and Cousin met. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:721
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Almon is a model. Loring is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Erb is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hennen is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the halloweeen party, Erb, Almon, Hennen, and Loring connected. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:722
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Strayer is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sever is a model. Neugebauer is a chef. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mebane is a dentist. At the charity car wash, Neugebauer, Strayer, Mebane, and Sever ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:723
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Boardman is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Bigger is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Vandenbosch is a nurse. Housley is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the open mic night, Boardman, Vandenbosch, Housley, and Bigger ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:724
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Belz is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Huhn is a newsreader. Bradburn is a mechanic. Bork is a lifeguard. At the book club, Huhn, Bradburn, Bork, and Belz met. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:725
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hack is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Glasscock is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Krogh is a mechanic. Rodman is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the business expo, Hack, Rodman, Glasscock, and Krogh met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:726
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Godby is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Spradling is a dentist. Zirkle is a chef. Uhl is a plumber. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the house party, Zirkle, Uhl, Spradling, and Godby met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:727
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Blodgett is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Villafane is an electrician. Howell is a lifeguard. Easterling is a bus driver. At the commuter bus, Howell, Villafane, Blodgett, and Easterling connected. Public transports are easy to find. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:728
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Vanzee is a dentist. Burbank is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bermea is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Campfield is a stocking associate. At the holiday party, Bermea, Burbank, Vanzee, and Campfield connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:729
Flood is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Arends is a plumber. Jelks is a mechanic. Rosas is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Jelks, Rosas, Flood, and Arends met at the holiday party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:730
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rector is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Johns is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Portillo is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Ashcroft is a nurse. Portillo, Ashcroft, Johns, and Rector met at the restaurant. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:731
Stine is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Friese is a mechanic. Hanchett is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Delaune is a bus driver. Friese, Hanchett, Stine, and Delaune met at the house party. The party is free entry for everyone. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:732
Collum is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Karpinski is a carpenter. Ke is a plumber. Corl is a nurse. Ke, Collum, Karpinski, and Corl met at the boardwalk arcade. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:733
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Buehler is a plumber. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Sliva is a model. Dias is a nurse. Considine is a labourer. Considine, Sliva, Buehler, and Dias met at the open mic night. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:734
Belton is a labourer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Esslinger is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Holz is a nurse. Croston is a dentist. At the specialty retail store, Esslinger, Croston, Holz, and Belton started a conversation. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:735
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Brotherton is a hairdresser. Servin is a labourer. Fair is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Krone is a chef. Fair, Servin, Brotherton, and Krone met at the bar crawl. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:736
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Beckstead is a mechanic. Gayer is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Fetter is an optician. Schuler is a carpenter. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the cooking class, Schuler, Beckstead, Gayer, and Fetter started a conversation. Classes provide fun and challenge. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:737
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Shanahan is a dentist. Buhl is a labourer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ochsner is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Kost is a stocking associate. At the business expo, Ochsner, Kost, Buhl, and Shanahan ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:738
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Arechiga is an electrician. Mastrangelo is a newsreader. Privett is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Licona is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the gallery opening event, Licona, Mastrangelo, Arechiga, and Privett ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:739
Sellars is a chef. Odwyer is an optician. Hammontree is a carpenter. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Goodpaster is a newsreader. Hammontree, Goodpaster, Odwyer, and Sellars met at the dance class. Classes teach new things every week. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:740
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wolfer is a mechanic. Lopezmartinez is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Spivak is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hockman is a carpenter. At the subway, Hockman, Lopezmartinez, Spivak, and Wolfer started a conversation. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:741
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Brickley is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Giddens is a labourer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lechner is a plumber. Dwyer is a factory worker. At the local talk, Dwyer, Giddens, Brickley, and Lechner connected. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:742
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Nicholls is a plumber. Mclachlan is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lovejoy is a hairdresser. Cuesta is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Cuesta, Nicholls, Lovejoy, and Mclachlan met at the food and drink festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:743
Parchman is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Servin is a labourer. Bermea is a dentist. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Osorio is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the dog park, Osorio, Servin, Parchman, and Bermea ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:744
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Swiatek is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gebhardt is a model. Gerrity is a factory worker. Vandusen is a teacher. At the halloweeen party, Vandusen, Gebhardt, Swiatek, and Gerrity connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:745
Hopper is a newsreader. Roloff is a lifeguard. Spillane is a model. Prosser is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the bar crawl, Roloff, Prosser, Spillane, and Hopper ran into each other. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:746
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Goldfarb is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Amburgey is a carpenter. Hauge is an accountant. Scheck is a bus driver. At the cafe, Scheck, Goldfarb, Amburgey, and Hauge started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:747
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mains is a factory worker. Croley is a mechanic. Pilon is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hitz is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the cigar bar, Pilon, Mains, Hitz, and Croley ran into each other. The place was crowded. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:748
Cottingham is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Howser is a nurse. Toor is an optician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Fenstermacher is a bus driver. Toor, Cottingham, Fenstermacher, and Howser met at the house party. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:749
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Exley is an optician. Millsaps is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Guevarra is a nurse. Luton is a teacher. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the commuter bus, Millsaps, Luton, Guevarra, and Exley started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:750
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bookout is a carpenter. Rogerson is a nurse. Redick is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Vancil is a traffic warden. At the halloweeen party, Vancil, Bookout, Redick, and Rogerson connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:751
Warnock is an optician. Obrien is a mechanic. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Leal is a newsreader. Petersen is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the house party, Leal, Obrien, Petersen, and Warnock ran into each other. The party is going to be full. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:752
Babich is a stocking associate. Niehaus is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Peet is a labourer. Bazemore is a carpenter. At the boardwalk arcade, Bazemore, Niehaus, Babich, and Peet met. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:753
Magee is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Vandyke is a plumber. Kapadia is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Liston is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the beach, Liston, Kapadia, Magee, and Vandyke met. For years, there was very little activity to this point in the sand of the beach, and now it's all but empty. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:754
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Anastasio is a factory worker. Hedgecock is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Esser is a stocking associate. Varney is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the dance class, Varney, Hedgecock, Anastasio, and Esser ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:755
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mouton is a plumber. Rodden is an accountant. Fontes is a newsreader. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Simonson is an optician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the retreat, Mouton, Fontes, Rodden, and Simonson started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:756
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Puerta is a nurse. Ladson is an electrician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Ruble is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Sylla is a factory worker. At the grocery store, Ladson, Ruble, Puerta, and Sylla connected. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:757
Herd is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Steffey is a traffic warden. Delozier is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Shook is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the boardwalk arcade, Steffey, Shook, Delozier, and Herd met. The games are a lot of fun. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:758
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Bross is a factory worker. Ke is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bromberg is a model. Trusty is a hairdresser. At the social community gathering, Ke, Bross, Bromberg, and Trusty ran into each other. The place is very beautiful. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:759
Foley is a traffic warden. Cevallos is a plumber. Louissaint is a nurse. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Viles is a mechanic. At the gallery, Foley, Cevallos, Louissaint, and Viles started a conversation. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:760
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Coyle is a labourer. Brazier is a carpenter. Mcvicker is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Charpentier is a dentist. At the restaurant, Coyle, Mcvicker, Charpentier, and Brazier met. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:761
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Leday is a lifeguard. Karpinski is a plumber. Ronquillo is a labourer. Arens is a bus driver. At the retreat, Arens, Ronquillo, Karpinski, and Leday ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:762
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Schmucker is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Tackett is a traffic warden. Massingill is a plumber. Fussell is a labourer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the hotel, Schmucker, Tackett, Massingill, and Fussell met. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:763
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hack is a plumber. Ferrin is a teacher. Felter is a chef. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Pifer is a labourer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the boardwalk arcade, Felter, Ferrin, Hack, and Pifer ran into each other. A lot of games have many different endings. Ey reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:764
Ni is a plumber. Soderberg is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Harmer is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Woodland is a carpenter. At the specialty retail store, Soderberg, Harmer, Ni, and Woodland started a conversation. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:765
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Klos is a lifeguard. Drane is a model. Stull is an optician. Geis is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the charity car wash, Stull, Drane, Klos, and Geis ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:766
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Simons is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Vollmer is an optician. Bourke is a chef. Eakin is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the open mic night, Simons, Eakin, Vollmer, and Bourke started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:767
Cieslak is a lifeguard. Dimatteo is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mckeithan is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Snively is a mechanic. At the open mic night, Dimatteo, Mckeithan, Snively, and Cieslak started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:768
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Nyquist is a factory worker. Cooksey is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Bowers is a teacher. Almond is a model. At the open gallery museum, Cooksey, Bowers, Almond, and Nyquist ran into each other. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:769
Lentini is a dentist. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Mork is an electrician. Shadrick is a chef. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Kinchen is a plumber. At the beach, Lentini, Mork, Shadrick, and Kinchen ran into each other. The beach is open, with the main pier. It is only a few minutes drive north. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:770
Beiler is a newsreader. Kaminski is a teacher. Thoreson is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcginness is an electrician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Thoreson, Mcginness, Beiler, and Kaminski met at the business expo. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:771
Nusbaum is an optician. Tussey is a carpenter. Davalos is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Euceda is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the wedding, Nusbaum, Tussey, Euceda, and Davalos ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:772
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Obannon is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hitchens is a dentist. Panzer is an electrician. Larocque is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Obannon, Hitchens, Larocque, and Panzer met at the restaurant. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:773
Sipe is a hairdresser. Banister is a model. Bork is a lifeguard. Boddy is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the restaurant, Bork, Banister, Boddy, and Sipe met. The place was crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:774
Lafond is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Goldfarb is a lifeguard. Traylor is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Farley is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Goldfarb, Lafond, Traylor, and Farley met at the cooking class. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:775
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Faucett is a chef. Yeh is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Sonnier is a model. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Cavallo is a mechanic. At the social community gathering, Yeh, Faucett, Sonnier, and Cavallo ran into each other. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:776
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Higgins is a lecturer. Andrzejewski is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Doiron is a carpenter. Twombly is a teacher. At the open mic night, Higgins, Andrzejewski, Doiron, and Twombly connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:777
Melillo is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Turano is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Fullerton is an electrician. Hartfield is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the dance class, Melillo, Hartfield, Fullerton, and Turano met. It's a huge place! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:778
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Poorman is a newsreader. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Zirkle is a model. Trepanier is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Karpinski is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beach, Zirkle, Poorman, Trepanier, and Karpinski started a conversation. The beach is full of birds. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:779
Hammack is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Zambrano is a factory worker. Bang is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Osborn is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the design expo, Bang, Osborn, Hammack, and Zambrano met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:780
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Richer is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Corson is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Byrne is a factory worker. Fordham is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the power yoga class, Corson, Richer, Fordham, and Byrne connected. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. Ze reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:781
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hedger is an accountant. Alderson is a chef. Boyles is a mechanic. Maclaren is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the restaurant, Alderson, Hedger, Maclaren, and Boyles met. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:782
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Krull is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bowlby is a lifeguard. Turek is a hairdresser. Osterman is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the food and drink festival, Bowlby, Osterman, Turek, and Krull ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:783
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Vose is a teacher. Enger is a lifeguard. Smolen is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Rinehart is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the design expo, Enger, Smolen, Rinehart, and Vose ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:784
Scherr is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Birchfield is a traffic warden. Mcquay is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Vanderveen is an accountant. At the holiday party, Vanderveen, Scherr, Birchfield, and Mcquay ran into each other. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:785
Brisson is a labourer. Anspach is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Byars is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Aguilar is a stocking associate. At the business expo, Anspach, Byars, Aguilar, and Brisson ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:786
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Carreon is a chef. Currence is a hairdresser. Kulp is a mechanic. Cienfuegos is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the subway, Currence, Carreon, Kulp, and Cienfuegos met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:787
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Vanriper is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Palos is an optician. Moler is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Persons is a carpenter. At the food and drink festival, Moler, Palos, Vanriper, and Persons started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:788
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Devall is a lecturer. Choice is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kehr is a mechanic. Strausbaugh is an optician. At the bar crawl, Devall, Choice, Strausbaugh, and Kehr met. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:789
Voorhees is an accountant. Zambrano is a plumber. Stahlman is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Simmonds is a bus driver. Stahlman, Zambrano, Voorhees, and Simmonds met at the dance class. This class has amazing outcomes. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:790
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Marcoux is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Meier is a nurse. Gremillion is a traffic warden. Weise is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the book club, Gremillion, Weise, Meier, and Marcoux started a conversation. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:791
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Padula is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Pegg is a model. Sanz is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Boucher is a teacher. At the open gallery museum, Sanz, Pegg, Boucher, and Padula started a conversation. The museum help learn about the history of a particular place. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:792
Pomerantz is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Corlett is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Berndt is an accountant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kroeger is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the open gallery museum, Berndt, Corlett, Kroeger, and Pomerantz ran into each other. The museum would be great to come back again and again! She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:793
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Albright is a traffic warden. Rivard is a hairdresser. Noakes is a newsreader. Merrow is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the dance class, Merrow, Rivard, Noakes, and Albright ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:794
Degeorge is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Slick is a model. Citizen is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bortz is an optician. At the theater festival, Slick, Citizen, Degeorge, and Bortz started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:795
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kuhlman is an accountant. Strawser is a newsreader. Mcelhaney is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcmorris is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the dance class, Mcmorris, Strawser, Kuhlman, and Mcelhaney ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:796
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Barden is a labourer. Houle is an optician. Weist is a newsreader. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Blow is a nurse. At the subway, Barden, Houle, Weist, and Blow ran into each other. Public transports are easy to find. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:797
Mclachlan is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. France is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rosner is a mechanic. Dinatale is a hairdresser. At the local talk, Rosner, Mclachlan, Dinatale, and France started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:798
Olmos is a mechanic. Broadus is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Defranco is a nurse. Alberts is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the hotel, Alberts, Broadus, Olmos, and Defranco started a conversation. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:799
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Strawser is a chef. Pascua is a lifeguard. Cisneros is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Corl is a bus driver. At the beach, Strawser, Corl, Cisneros, and Pascua ran into each other. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:800
Housman is a factory worker. Vanepps is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Croft is a stocking associate. Stockman is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the dance class, Stockman, Croft, Housman, and Vanepps met. Classes provide fun and challenge. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:801
Sorrentino is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Borders is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Purtell is a lifeguard. Youngman is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the charity car wash, Sorrentino, Purtell, Borders, and Youngman met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:802
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Gutshall is a plumber. Gault is a bus driver. Cusick is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Duarte is a labourer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the grocery store, Gutshall, Gault, Duarte, and Cusick connected. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:803
Gagliardi is a factory worker. Hagemann is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Panos is a nurse. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hartzler is a dentist. At the group vacation, Panos, Hartzler, Hagemann, and Gagliardi started a conversation. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:804
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Casas is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hartzler is a labourer. Hepburn is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Longmire is a traffic warden. At the commuter bus, Longmire, Hartzler, Casas, and Hepburn started a conversation. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:805
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hurd is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sedgwick is a bus driver. Jellison is a newsreader. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Eckels is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the design expo, Jellison, Sedgwick, Eckels, and Hurd met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:806
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Castillon is a lecturer. Roseberry is a plumber. Dingle is an electrician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Frakes is a chef. At the cooking class, Frakes, Castillon, Roseberry, and Dingle ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:807
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gangi is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Feltman is a bus driver. Wulf is a factory worker. Dyal is an accountant. Dyal, Gangi, Wulf, and Feltman met at the book club. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:808
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Fye is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Browner is a factory worker. Barbato is a chef. Whitehair is a carpenter. At the retreat, Fye, Browner, Whitehair, and Barbato met. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:809
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Daum is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Guzik is an electrician. Gaither is a lecturer. Borders is a lifeguard. Gaither, Guzik, Daum, and Borders met at the party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:810
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Pickard is an optician. Kimbler is an electrician. Abercrombie is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Urzua is a lifeguard. Abercrombie, Kimbler, Urzua, and Pickard met at the group vacation. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:811
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Singer is a factory worker. Garey is a nurse. Fearon is a plumber. Cloutier is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the cafe, Garey, Fearon, Singer, and Cloutier connected. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:812
Stoneman is an optician. Singer is a traffic warden. Zielinski is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Maglione is a lifeguard. At the open mic night, Zielinski, Singer, Maglione, and Stoneman connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:813
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Shubert is a plumber. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Moyle is a dentist. Dunn is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Grizzard is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Grizzard, Shubert, Moyle, and Dunn met at the beach. The beach is just right, the ocean is n't too big, people and the sun are always just right. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:814
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lai is a model. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Deloera is an optician. Liss is an electrician. Longnecker is a dentist. Liss, Longnecker, Lai, and Deloera met at the charity car wash. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:815
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Peabody is a stocking associate. Bacchus is a newsreader. Sandidge is a mechanic. Gallion is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the school reunion, Bacchus, Sandidge, Peabody, and Gallion ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ze reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:816
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Merryman is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dittmar is an optician. Huitt is a lecturer. Bayard is a carpenter. Bayard, Huitt, Merryman, and Dittmar met at the gallery. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:817
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Niswonger is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Abramowitz is an optician. Curcio is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Twomey is a model. At the open gallery museum, Niswonger, Twomey, Abramowitz, and Curcio started a conversation. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:818
Palen is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Larrison is a model. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Peaslee is a traffic warden. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Winfrey is a labourer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Peaslee, Larrison, Palen, and Winfrey met at the subway. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:819
Waring is a teacher. Sterrett is a lecturer. Stabler is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Barwick is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the book club, Stabler, Waring, Sterrett, and Barwick met. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:820
Szczepanski is a bus driver. Solem is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sturgill is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Diebold is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the charity car wash, Diebold, Szczepanski, Solem, and Sturgill met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:821
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ponce is a teacher. Dunphy is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Suazo is an electrician. Accardi is a lifeguard. At the hotel, Dunphy, Ponce, Suazo, and Accardi ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:822
Biddle is a traffic warden. Ostlund is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cardiel is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Fontaine is a carpenter. At the wedding, Fontaine, Biddle, Ostlund, and Cardiel started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:823
Kaczynski is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Redick is an optician. Nemeth is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Midgley is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the open gallery museum, Nemeth, Redick, Kaczynski, and Midgley started a conversation. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:824
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Philpot is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Fike is a factory worker. Dorsett is a lecturer. Levenson is a plumber. At the power yoga class, Philpot, Fike, Levenson, and Dorsett ran into each other. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:825
Mizell is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Bellard is a lifeguard. Hittle is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Faulkner is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the retreat, Faulkner, Mizell, Hittle, and Bellard started a conversation. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:826
Matthies is a traffic warden. Puryear is a chef. Newport is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Jurgensen is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the cafe, Jurgensen, Matthies, Newport, and Puryear ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:827
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Avitia is a nurse. Quirino is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Severson is a hairdresser. Glaser is a plumber. Avitia, Severson, Quirino, and Glaser met at the business expo. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:828
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bidwell is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Ferry is a mechanic. Bedoya is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cabot is a chef. Bedoya, Bidwell, Cabot, and Ferry met at the cooking class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:829
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Haire is a factory worker. Byerley is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Oney is a dentist. Line is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Oney, Byerley, Line, and Haire met at the food and drink festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:830
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Berthelot is a lecturer. Pauli is a factory worker. Mclellan is a chef. Michaelson is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Michaelson, Berthelot, Pauli, and Mclellan met at the retreat. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:831
Laskowski is a labourer. Gifford is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Sikorski is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hambrick is a mechanic. At the local talk, Laskowski, Sikorski, Hambrick, and Gifford ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:832
Esteves is a newsreader. Riney is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Sanson is a teacher. Antley is a hairdresser. At the social community gathering, Antley, Riney, Esteves, and Sanson started a conversation. It is important to work together. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:833
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Rhoades is a model. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcbryde is a bus driver. Teeple is an optician. Huebner is an electrician. At the party, Rhoades, Teeple, Mcbryde, and Huebner met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:834
Au is a traffic warden. Wethington is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Bukowski is a mechanic. Grimshaw is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the power yoga class, Wethington, Grimshaw, Bukowski, and Au met. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:835
Kuss is a mechanic. Wolfram is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Childs is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Northup is a teacher. At the school reunion, Wolfram, Northup, Kuss, and Childs started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:836
Slavik is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Stoltzfus is a lifeguard. Olds is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Flom is a mechanic. At the holiday party, Stoltzfus, Olds, Flom, and Slavik met. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:837
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mckiernan is a dentist. Babich is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bullins is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dobson is a mechanic. At the music festival, Bullins, Babich, Mckiernan, and Dobson connected. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:838
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Pillai is a nurse. Spinelli is a model. Mattice is a factory worker. Eide is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Pillai, Eide, Mattice, and Spinelli met at the restaurant. It is a cool place to hang out. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:839
Turnbull is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Beltz is a teacher. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Zazueta is a nurse. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Draughn is an accountant. At the bar crawl, Draughn, Turnbull, Zazueta, and Beltz met. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:840
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Burbank is a traffic warden. Deschamps is a hairdresser. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mangold is a stocking associate. Sweeten is a lecturer. At the house party, Burbank, Sweeten, Deschamps, and Mangold started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:841
Lafleur is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Midgett is a lifeguard. Perrigo is a model. Mccree is a hairdresser. Mccree, Midgett, Perrigo, and Lafleur met at the beach. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:842
Nunnery is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Singer is a bus driver. Martucci is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dolphin is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Singer, Dolphin, Martucci, and Nunnery met at the holiday party. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:843
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Iraheta is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kettler is a lecturer. Faucett is a model. Gran is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the cooking class, Gran, Kettler, Faucett, and Iraheta connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ze reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:844
Mathewson is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Lebrun is an optician. Sever is a chef. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Fleisher is a model. At the bar crawl, Sever, Lebrun, Mathewson, and Fleisher connected. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:845
Calderon is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pylant is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Engstrom is a chef. Gillum is a labourer. At the theater festival, Calderon, Pylant, Engstrom, and Gillum connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:846
Critchfield is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Taveras is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wildes is a factory worker. Gorden is a bus driver. At the food and drink festival, Taveras, Wildes, Gorden, and Critchfield started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:847
Heatherly is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sandel is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Leis is a newsreader. Auten is a plumber. Auten, Leis, Heatherly, and Sandel met at the gallery. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:848
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hird is a hairdresser. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Oleary is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Obanion is a stocking associate. Villalva is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Obanion, Oleary, Villalva, and Hird met at the design expo. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:849
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Ba is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Eisenhauer is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Peak is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Cottrell is an optician. At the cigar bar, Peak, Ba, Cottrell, and Eisenhauer started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:850
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Ristau is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Battles is a lecturer. Gorden is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Jacobsen is a teacher. At the house party, Jacobsen, Ristau, Battles, and Gorden ran into each other. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:851
Diederich is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Grange is a dentist. Carraway is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Oneal is an electrician. At the cooking class, Oneal, Grange, Diederich, and Carraway ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:852
Mckillip is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Overton is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Riner is a labourer. Mihalik is a chef. At the restaurant, Riner, Mihalik, Mckillip, and Overton connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:853
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Arnett is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Haggins is a newsreader. Interiano is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Scoles is a stocking associate. At the grocery store, Arnett, Scoles, Interiano, and Haggins connected. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:854
Ouzts is a lifeguard. Crume is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Richburg is a stocking associate. Pippen is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the gallery opening event, Ouzts, Richburg, Crume, and Pippen ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:855
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Brew is a stocking associate. Louissaint is a model. Lai is a labourer. Becerril is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the bar, Brew, Lai, Louissaint, and Becerril ran into each other. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:856
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Spurgeon is a traffic warden. Stebbins is a bus driver. Sidwell is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sousa is a mechanic. At the open gallery museum, Spurgeon, Sousa, Stebbins, and Sidwell started a conversation. Museums have free exhibitions. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:857
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bagley is a labourer. Tolleson is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Lines is a lecturer. Peluso is a carpenter. At the gallery, Peluso, Lines, Bagley, and Tolleson ran into each other. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:858
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Choudhury is a hairdresser. Lintner is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Heider is a carpenter. Simmonds is a traffic warden. At the dance class, Heider, Choudhury, Lintner, and Simmonds met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:859
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Her is an optician. Sedillo is a stocking associate. Chabot is a labourer. Worthington is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the bar, Sedillo, Worthington, Chabot, and Her met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ey reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:860
Seely is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bradfield is an optician. Pinkerton is a carpenter. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Caruso is a model. At the party, Caruso, Bradfield, Seely, and Pinkerton ran into each other. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:861
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hosch is a lifeguard. Bolte is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Shuck is a labourer. Koh is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Hosch, Bolte, Koh, and Shuck met at the design expo. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:862
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Sayers is a lecturer. Winkelmann is a traffic warden. Prill is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Holliman is an optician. At the business expo, Sayers, Winkelmann, Holliman, and Prill started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:863
Skiba is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Christoffersen is a stocking associate. Dewolf is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Wear is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the gallery, Dewolf, Wear, Skiba, and Christoffersen started a conversation. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:864
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wilbanks is a chef. Trawick is a carpenter. Hayek is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Vanwinkle is a stocking associate. At the subway, Trawick, Hayek, Vanwinkle, and Wilbanks met. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:865
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Giffin is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Varley is a nurse. Hotchkiss is a plumber. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Croley is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the subway, Giffin, Varley, Hotchkiss, and Croley met. Public transports are easy to find. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:866
Yonker is a plumber. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Sidwell is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Abdo is an optician. Martucci is an accountant. At the specialty retail store, Sidwell, Yonker, Abdo, and Martucci started a conversation. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:867
Croxton is a nurse. Hudgins is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Heskett is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pillar is a lifeguard. At the commuter bus, Pillar, Heskett, Croxton, and Hudgins connected. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:868
Esteves is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Noack is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Smead is a bus driver. Grundy is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the social community gathering, Grundy, Esteves, Noack, and Smead ran into each other. The service is what all the people have been working to do. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:869
Kish is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Beecham is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Poarch is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Theus is a mechanic. Poarch, Kish, Theus, and Beecham met at the local talk. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:870
Azam is a factory worker. Blick is a plumber. Kerstetter is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Vansickle is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the social community gathering, Kerstetter, Vansickle, Azam, and Blick connected. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:871
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Minix is a teacher. Handy is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cumbie is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Wildes is a nurse. At the dance class, Cumbie, Wildes, Minix, and Handy ran into each other. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:872
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Manly is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gongora is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bare is a plumber. Trinh is a lecturer. At the grocery store, Bare, Trinh, Manly, and Gongora ran into each other. The market is divided into sub-markets. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:873
Kelemen is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Peel is an accountant. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Eash is a labourer. Biggins is a lifeguard. At the power yoga class, Eash, Kelemen, Biggins, and Peel ran into each other. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:874
Pardo is a teacher. Castelli is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Neto is a stocking associate. Bing is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Pardo, Castelli, Neto, and Bing met at the book club. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:875
Getman is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Kresge is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Khatri is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mccampbell is a plumber. At the dance class, Getman, Khatri, Mccampbell, and Kresge connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:876
Luft is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gutshall is a model. Ontiveros is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Guidry is a stocking associate. At the dance class, Gutshall, Ontiveros, Luft, and Guidry ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:877
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Marriott is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bae is a plumber. Carwile is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Willms is a bus driver. At the cooking class, Bae, Carwile, Marriott, and Willms ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:878
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tinney is a stocking associate. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Reddin is a hairdresser. Ivery is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Fassett is a labourer. At the boardwalk arcade, Tinney, Ivery, Reddin, and Fassett ran into each other. There is plenty of food to eat here. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:879
Tussey is a chef. Mallett is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Cadenas is a dentist. Lederer is an electrician. At the power yoga class, Lederer, Mallett, Cadenas, and Tussey ran into each other. Yoga is best done in silence. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:880
Forbush is a traffic warden. Sedillo is a teacher. Krick is a plumber. Hotchkiss is an accountant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the retreat, Krick, Forbush, Hotchkiss, and Sedillo started a conversation. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:881
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Alward is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Geist is an accountant. Borne is a newsreader. Borek is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the gallery, Borne, Geist, Borek, and Alward connected. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:882
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bator is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Florio is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Harwell is a model. Mccowan is an accountant. At the school reunion, Harwell, Bator, Florio, and Mccowan ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:883
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ivery is a traffic warden. Kaltenbach is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Menke is a hairdresser. Classen is a stocking associate. Kaltenbach, Classen, Menke, and Ivery met at the grocery store. The market is divided into sub-markets. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:884
Thornsberry is a plumber. Voight is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Villamil is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Sharpe is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the specialty retail store, Thornsberry, Sharpe, Villamil, and Voight connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:885
Michener is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Skeen is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Swett is a nurse. Carini is an optician. At the book club, Swett, Skeen, Carini, and Michener met. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:886
Abbasi is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hudock is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Kamm is a dentist. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Teller is an accountant. At the dance class, Teller, Abbasi, Hudock, and Kamm started a conversation. The class has interesting sessions. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:887
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Brzezinski is a dentist. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cantley is an accountant. Simons is a lifeguard. Millett is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Millett, Brzezinski, Simons, and Cantley met at the retreat. The party is free entry for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:888
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hankinson is a model. Bivens is a bus driver. Dostal is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Falzone is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the open mic night, Dostal, Bivens, Falzone, and Hankinson connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:889
Leday is a factory worker. Richer is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Gerth is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Stahlman is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the open gallery museum, Leday, Gerth, Richer, and Stahlman met. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:890
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Buckingham is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Merriweather is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Kettler is a labourer. Poss is a lecturer. At the business expo, Kettler, Poss, Buckingham, and Merriweather met. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:891
Doan is a factory worker. Yarborough is a newsreader. Haug is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Nigro is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the wedding, Haug, Nigro, Yarborough, and Doan met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:892
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Harkness is a teacher. Bischoff is an optician. Schenkel is a lifeguard. Thornsberry is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the charity car wash, Bischoff, Harkness, Schenkel, and Thornsberry started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:893
Deloera is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Natal is a lecturer. Castillon is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Eubanks is a mechanic. At the boardwalk arcade, Deloera, Natal, Eubanks, and Castillon ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:894
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Showers is an optician. Petrus is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tappan is a teacher. Stephenson is an electrician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the specialty retail store, Petrus, Showers, Tappan, and Stephenson started a conversation. The market is open to all genders and ages. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:895
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Snook is a dentist. Emmons is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Peach is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Delgadillo is a traffic warden. At the hotel, Delgadillo, Emmons, Peach, and Snook met. The other beverages served here are ok. Ze told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:896
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Villalobos is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Briceno is an optician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hoerner is a plumber. Exum is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the business expo, Villalobos, Briceno, Exum, and Hoerner connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:897
Mcewan is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lyall is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Beegle is a dentist. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hedlund is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the gallery opening event, Hedlund, Lyall, Mcewan, and Beegle connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:898
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Frost is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Jacobsen is a plumber. Fulmore is a labourer. Paynter is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the open mic night, Fulmore, Paynter, Frost, and Jacobsen connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:899
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Dinkins is a model. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Cuesta is a hairdresser. Stanfield is a mechanic. Mederos is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the cafe, Dinkins, Cuesta, Mederos, and Stanfield ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:900
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mcdavid is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Heitman is a traffic warden. Denker is a carpenter. Sliger is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mcdavid, Heitman, Sliger, and Denker met at the open mic night. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:901
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Waldrop is a lifeguard. Galeano is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Jester is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pasco is a lecturer. At the commuter bus, Galeano, Pasco, Waldrop, and Jester started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:902
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Daoust is a teacher. Mcree is a lifeguard. Olmsted is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Erdmann is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Erdmann, Mcree, Olmsted, and Daoust met at the beach. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:903
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Kohli is an electrician. Mullens is a bus driver. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Rossetti is an optician. Espinola is a stocking associate. At the beach, Rossetti, Espinola, Mullens, and Kohli connected. The beach is very beautiful. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:904
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Mahajan is a bus driver. Twitty is a factory worker. Pyron is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Mercurio is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the book club, Mahajan, Twitty, Pyron, and Mercurio connected. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:905
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Gamber is a nurse. Littles is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Matteson is a chef. Akey is a plumber. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the grocery store, Matteson, Gamber, Akey, and Littles connected. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:906
Drummer is an optician. Schmit is a nurse. Naugle is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Alejos is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the boardwalk arcade, Drummer, Schmit, Naugle, and Alejos ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:907
Loop is a bus driver. Klimek is a dentist. Claros is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Delva is a lecturer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the open mic night, Delva, Klimek, Loop, and Claros ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:908
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sedillo is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hedin is a bus driver. Heckert is a dentist. Klos is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the cooking class, Klos, Hedin, Heckert, and Sedillo connected. Classes teach new things every week. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:909
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hosch is a mechanic. Brokaw is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. France is a chef. Sikorski is a lifeguard. At the social community gathering, Brokaw, Sikorski, France, and Hosch met. We have to work together through different platforms. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:910
Gear is a traffic warden. Steinberg is an optician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lindow is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pavia is a model. At the business expo, Gear, Steinberg, Pavia, and Lindow started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:911
Matherne is a labourer. Sylla is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Waring is an accountant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Dostal is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the hotel, Waring, Dostal, Sylla, and Matherne ran into each other. The drinks are served on time. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:912
Kellogg is a nurse. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Atwood is a dentist. Bibbs is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Deakins is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the halloweeen party, Bibbs, Atwood, Kellogg, and Deakins ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:913
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Engstrom is a hairdresser. Sparks is an accountant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Gelb is a newsreader. Moller is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Engstrom, Moller, Sparks, and Gelb met at the beach. The beach is full of a sense of awe and awe - inspiring beauty. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:914
Dickerson is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ruggles is a teacher. Aguas is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Longwell is a carpenter. At the gallery opening event, Aguas, Ruggles, Longwell, and Dickerson started a conversation. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:915
Bulloch is an optician. Roop is a model. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Martinezlopez is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hile is a newsreader. At the open mic night, Roop, Hile, Martinezlopez, and Bulloch connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:916
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Baney is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Broadus is a traffic warden. Wagaman is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Stubbs is a lifeguard. At the dog park, Baney, Wagaman, Stubbs, and Broadus connected. The park is very peaceful. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:917
Puerta is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Rolph is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cornejo is a hairdresser. Gerber is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the dog park, Gerber, Puerta, Rolph, and Cornejo met. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:918
Marsh is a lifeguard. Isler is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Afzal is a labourer. Burger is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Afzal, Isler, Marsh, and Burger met at the school reunion. This event is to help make the community a better place. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:919
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Markland is a bus driver. Cork is a labourer. Clarkson is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Risch is a factory worker. At the retreat, Clarkson, Cork, Markland, and Risch connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:920
Crain is a bus driver. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Ortis is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pathak is a factory worker. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Parkhurst is an optician. Parkhurst, Crain, Ortis, and Pathak met at the dance class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:921
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Dowler is a stocking associate. Barras is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lindgren is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Sedillo is an optician. At the house party, Lindgren, Sedillo, Dowler, and Barras connected. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. They told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:922
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Dysart is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Stowe is a factory worker. Bourke is a chef. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Reisner is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the holiday party, Stowe, Dysart, Reisner, and Bourke started a conversation. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:923
Wolfson is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Toscano is an optician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Tunnell is a teacher. Kavanaugh is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the dog park, Toscano, Wolfson, Kavanaugh, and Tunnell started a conversation. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:924
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Brose is a carpenter. Maule is a nurse. Bowyer is an accountant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Dorey is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the holiday party, Maule, Dorey, Bowyer, and Brose ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:925
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Liotta is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Brasel is an accountant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Gillum is a model. Hartl is a nurse. At the dog park, Hartl, Brasel, Gillum, and Liotta ran into each other. The dogs here are lovely. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:926
Sumler is a dentist. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Waldrup is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Youngman is a lecturer. Jackowski is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the business expo, Waldrup, Youngman, Jackowski, and Sumler connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:927
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Glade is an optician. Cousin is a chef. Bratt is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Luman is a stocking associate. At the specialty retail store, Glade, Luman, Cousin, and Bratt met. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:928
Shanahan is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Waldrop is a dentist. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gormley is an optician. Loch is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the beach, Waldrop, Shanahan, Gormley, and Loch ran into each other. The beach is so warm and so peaceful that one does not need to hide. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:929
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Ackman is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dostal is a chef. Mackie is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Harrah is a newsreader. Ackman, Mackie, Harrah, and Dostal met at the design expo. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:930
Pillar is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lisk is a labourer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Coachman is a model. Afzal is a traffic warden. At the house party, Pillar, Afzal, Lisk, and Coachman met. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:931
Markham is a factory worker. Gallina is a hairdresser. Lippman is a stocking associate. Whitson is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the subway, Whitson, Gallina, Markham, and Lippman met. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:932
Essex is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Quijano is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Geissler is a lifeguard. Hopewell is a chef. At the cigar bar, Geissler, Quijano, Essex, and Hopewell connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:933
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Chilton is a hairdresser. Mehaffey is a factory worker. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pitre is an optician. Bibby is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the boardwalk arcade, Pitre, Bibby, Mehaffey, and Chilton connected. There is a lot of other play places on the map. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:934
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Interiano is a nurse. Tarbox is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Schmucker is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Forrester is a hairdresser. At the wedding, Interiano, Schmucker, Forrester, and Tarbox started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:935
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bentz is a teacher. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bonaparte is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Goulding is a dentist. Fuhr is an optician. At the bar crawl, Bonaparte, Goulding, Bentz, and Fuhr met. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:936
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Florez is a model. Giunta is a nurse. Leal is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Perkins is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the food and drink festival, Leal, Perkins, Giunta, and Florez started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:937
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Snider is a traffic warden. Cutting is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kinchen is a mechanic. Sedgwick is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Kinchen, Cutting, Sedgwick, and Snider met at the gallery opening event. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ey told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:938
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bastin is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Boehmer is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Speights is a chef. Forman is a lecturer. At the design expo, Boehmer, Speights, Forman, and Bastin met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:939
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lavalle is a chef. Mabie is an electrician. Hageman is a labourer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Shimko is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mabie, Hageman, Shimko, and Lavalle met at the book club. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:940
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Aurand is a hairdresser. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mowrey is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Underwood is a model. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Callas is a nurse. At the gallery opening event, Aurand, Underwood, Callas, and Mowrey met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:941
Bolling is a bus driver. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Biondo is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Porath is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Mendivil is a chef. At the design expo, Porath, Mendivil, Biondo, and Bolling connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:942
Hamblin is a lifeguard. Landes is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Peel is an optician. Goggans is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Landes, Hamblin, Goggans, and Peel met at the bar. It is a cool place to hang out. They told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:943
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Falzone is a traffic warden. Longenecker is a factory worker. Lorenzana is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Demoss is a newsreader. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the retreat, Lorenzana, Demoss, Falzone, and Longenecker connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:944
Rittenhouse is an optician. Sarmiento is a lecturer. Viles is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Wallis is a traffic warden. Rittenhouse, Wallis, Viles, and Sarmiento met at the business expo. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:945
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Labar is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kozak is a newsreader. Daw is a dentist. Carleton is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the cooking class, Labar, Kozak, Daw, and Carleton started a conversation. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:946
Lutz is an optician. Diez is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mckeen is a hairdresser. Lederer is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lederer, Mckeen, Lutz, and Diez met at the party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:947
Maes is a lifeguard. Ohl is a labourer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Rosenau is a teacher. Persons is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the hotel, Maes, Ohl, Rosenau, and Persons started a conversation. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:948
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bolte is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Grasso is a model. Eddings is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Camejo is a hairdresser. At the commuter bus, Eddings, Bolte, Camejo, and Grasso met. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:949
Porterfield is a newsreader. Pawlik is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Bradfield is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Michaelis is a labourer. At the boardwalk arcade, Bradfield, Porterfield, Pawlik, and Michaelis started a conversation. There is plenty of food to eat here. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:950
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wint is a carpenter. Holler is a traffic warden. Mcdaniels is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Topp is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the cafe, Holler, Mcdaniels, Wint, and Topp met. The coffee cake is quite good. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:951
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Longmire is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Pardo is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Cowling is a hairdresser. Stanback is an accountant. At the specialty retail store, Pardo, Cowling, Longmire, and Stanback connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:952
Rogerson is a lecturer. Kitt is an optician. Arbaugh is a mechanic. Thies is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the music festival, Arbaugh, Rogerson, Thies, and Kitt met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:953
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Brochu is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Jewett is a nurse. Renken is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kohout is a lifeguard. Jewett, Renken, Brochu, and Kohout met at the book club. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:954
Goings is an optician. Permenter is a chef. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Herrington is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Blades is a lifeguard. At the social community gathering, Blades, Herrington, Goings, and Permenter met. The service is what all the people have been working to do. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:955
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Nanez is a bus driver. Delp is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Kirkley is a chef. Carnahan is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Kirkley, Delp, Carnahan, and Nanez met at the social community gathering. We have to work together through different platforms. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:956
Cover is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hallett is a mechanic. Hageman is a model. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Riedel is a chef. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Riedel, Hallett, Hageman, and Cover met at the local talk. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:957
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Farr is a labourer. Willman is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Freiberg is a dentist. Solorzano is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the cigar bar, Farr, Freiberg, Willman, and Solorzano started a conversation. The beer is excellent. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:958
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Creason is a lifeguard. Baehr is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Canfield is an optician. Snively is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the wedding, Snively, Creason, Baehr, and Canfield ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:959
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Doherty is a hairdresser. Slane is an accountant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Stabile is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Vu is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the charity car wash, Stabile, Doherty, Slane, and Vu connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:960
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cromer is a lecturer. Hamblin is a factory worker. Parsley is a nurse. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Sotomayor is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the subway, Parsley, Hamblin, Sotomayor, and Cromer started a conversation. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:961
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Arechiga is a traffic warden. Macfarland is an accountant. Saulnier is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Capasso is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the open mic night, Saulnier, Arechiga, Macfarland, and Capasso started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:962
Stack is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Huizar is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Cooksey is a bus driver. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Teter is a factory worker. At the theater festival, Stack, Teter, Huizar, and Cooksey ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:963
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Delrosario is a nurse. Kratzer is a teacher. Bruch is a newsreader. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gong is an optician. At the hotel, Bruch, Kratzer, Delrosario, and Gong met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:964
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Worden is a bus driver. Matus is a mechanic. Petrie is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cornett is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the food and drink festival, Cornett, Petrie, Matus, and Worden started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:965
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hayek is an electrician. Ponte is a model. Pape is a mechanic. Sain is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the food and drink festival, Hayek, Pape, Ponte, and Sain started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:966
Anzaldua is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Singer is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Smead is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Proctor is a model. At the grocery store, Proctor, Smead, Singer, and Anzaldua met. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:967
Griffey is a dentist. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Wulf is a chef. Spalding is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Beiler is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Spalding, Beiler, Wulf, and Griffey met at the business expo. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:968
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Lepe is a nurse. Sargeant is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Sammons is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Carillo is an accountant. At the school reunion, Carillo, Lepe, Sargeant, and Sammons met. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:969
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Bandy is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hively is a dentist. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Halliburton is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Goff is a bus driver. At the design expo, Goff, Hively, Halliburton, and Bandy connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:970
Mckinney is a teacher. Litman is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hedlund is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Eddington is a lecturer. Mckinney, Litman, Hedlund, and Eddington met at the gallery opening event. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:971
Binion is a newsreader. Irigoyen is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ackman is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Melcher is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the charity car wash, Melcher, Irigoyen, Binion, and Ackman started a conversation. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:972
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Monje is a mechanic. Lao is a chef. Sever is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Omalley is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the party, Sever, Monje, Omalley, and Lao started a conversation. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:973
Accardi is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Kliewer is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hancock is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cloninger is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the wedding, Kliewer, Hancock, Cloninger, and Accardi ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:974
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Cork is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Waldrop is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Lapoint is a lifeguard. Guel is a factory worker. Guel, Cork, Lapoint, and Waldrop met at the hotel. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:975
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Hudock is a labourer. Laskowski is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Delozier is a hairdresser. Roseberry is an accountant. Delozier, Roseberry, Laskowski, and Hudock met at the open gallery museum. People can browse the displays and learn more about the history and culture of the museum. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:976
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Garciagarcia is an electrician. Merlino is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Dieguez is a mechanic. Ledoux is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the house party, Garciagarcia, Merlino, Ledoux, and Dieguez met. The party is also filled by the band. Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:977
Lightsey is a bus driver. Smead is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bachman is a stocking associate. Considine is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the halloweeen party, Bachman, Lightsey, Considine, and Smead met. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:978
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcentire is a stocking associate. Wilkie is a chef. Kopp is an optician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Burbage is a teacher. At the music festival, Burbage, Mcentire, Wilkie, and Kopp ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:979
Hirsch is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kaltenbach is a model. Neto is a bus driver. Cermak is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the book club, Neto, Kaltenbach, Hirsch, and Cermak ran into each other. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:980
Bing is a labourer. Macedo is an accountant. Printz is a bus driver. Mikesell is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the gallery, Macedo, Printz, Mikesell, and Bing met. The museum would be great to come back again and again! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:981
Hedger is a lifeguard. Mechling is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Gerace is a hairdresser. Wittman is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hedger, Wittman, Gerace, and Mechling met at the music festival. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:982
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Swearingen is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Taliaferro is a traffic warden. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Rowe is a hairdresser. Mcquay is a carpenter. At the business expo, Mcquay, Swearingen, Rowe, and Taliaferro met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:983
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Razo is a plumber. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Meltzer is a nurse. Otoole is an optician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Ortis is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the open mic night, Otoole, Ortis, Razo, and Meltzer started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ze reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:984
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hunsicker is a hairdresser. Godby is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Whisnant is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Nagle is a model. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the food and drink festival, Nagle, Hunsicker, Godby, and Whisnant started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:985
Goodfellow is a mechanic. Padula is a newsreader. Veazey is a nurse. Hagins is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the power yoga class, Hagins, Padula, Goodfellow, and Veazey ran into each other. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:986
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Yingling is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hershman is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Goodwin is a model. Kober is a traffic warden. At the power yoga class, Yingling, Goodwin, Hershman, and Kober met. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:987
Sinha is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Geier is an accountant. Hanks is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Odom is a lecturer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the retreat, Geier, Odom, Hanks, and Sinha ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:988
Freeborn is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Armour is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Harshman is a bus driver. Pinnix is an optician. At the restaurant, Pinnix, Harshman, Armour, and Freeborn ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:989
Laughman is an accountant. Ehrhardt is a bus driver. Dery is a mechanic. Galle is a chef. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Ehrhardt, Galle, Dery, and Laughman met at the school reunion. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:990
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Manzano is a hairdresser. Knighten is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Tack is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cabot is a bus driver. At the dog park, Tack, Knighten, Cabot, and Manzano connected. The park is very peaceful. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:991
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bayard is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Petry is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Capel is a bus driver. Paramo is a newsreader. At the power yoga class, Petry, Capel, Paramo, and Bayard ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:992
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Chalfant is a chef. Sain is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Muldoon is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Chapin is a newsreader. At the open mic night, Sain, Chalfant, Chapin, and Muldoon ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. They reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:993
Asbury is an accountant. Conwell is a factory worker. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Portwood is a nurse. Segrest is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the book club, Portwood, Conwell, Asbury, and Segrest met. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:994
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cordray is an electrician. Lapham is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Legrand is a hairdresser. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Vanderlinden is a model. Vanderlinden, Legrand, Lapham, and Cordray met at the holiday party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:995
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Nordman is a model. Purtell is a plumber. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mcgeehan is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Gauthier is a carpenter. At the cafe, Mcgeehan, Purtell, Gauthier, and Nordman met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:996
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Roehm is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Avitia is a lifeguard. Pentz is a chef. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Loch is a nurse. At the party, Loch, Pentz, Roehm, and Avitia ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:997
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Averett is a newsreader. Fahy is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Slough is a nurse. Deluca is a lifeguard. At the power yoga class, Fahy, Averett, Slough, and Deluca met. A yoga class helps live a happier life. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:998
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hickey is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gathright is a traffic warden. Novack is a plumber. Crippen is an electrician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the local talk, Hickey, Gathright, Novack, and Crippen met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:999
Woolfolk is a carpenter. Bealer is a plumber. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Fucci is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Fretwell is a factory worker. At the social community gathering, Bealer, Woolfolk, Fucci, and Fretwell connected. The community has an open kitchen. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1000
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gilmartin is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Knudtson is an electrician. Ramires is a teacher. Lofland is a carpenter. Ramires, Gilmartin, Lofland, and Knudtson met at the cafe. The place is nice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1001
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Glazier is a carpenter. Dickerson is a dentist. Feehan is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Olivero is a lifeguard. At the party, Glazier, Olivero, Dickerson, and Feehan ran into each other. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1002
Villeda is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Frisch is a stocking associate. Whitmore is a hairdresser. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Feeley is a dentist. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the boardwalk arcade, Frisch, Villeda, Feeley, and Whitmore connected. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1003
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Holder is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Vanmeter is an electrician. Noack is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gathright is a stocking associate. At the business expo, Vanmeter, Holder, Gathright, and Noack started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1004
Ault is a carpenter. Wadkins is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Oros is a chef. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Gaddis is a model. At the dog park, Oros, Gaddis, Ault, and Wadkins met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1005
Byas is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mans is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ballew is a stocking associate. Lafleur is a mechanic. Byas, Mans, Ballew, and Lafleur met at the wedding. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1006
Wymer is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cheesman is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Markham is an accountant. Cunanan is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the specialty retail store, Cheesman, Cunanan, Markham, and Wymer started a conversation. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1007
Camero is a model. Lauzon is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ferrer is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Greenwell is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the food and drink festival, Camero, Greenwell, Ferrer, and Lauzon connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ey reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1008
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mathena is a chef. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sainz is a labourer. Weinstock is a carpenter. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Parisi is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the charity car wash, Parisi, Weinstock, Sainz, and Mathena ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1009
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Camejo is a teacher. Thurmond is a labourer. Jaworski is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mccray is a factory worker. At the charity car wash, Mccray, Thurmond, Jaworski, and Camejo met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1010
Rybak is a lifeguard. Deardorff is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Segraves is a bus driver. Browder is a carpenter. At the design expo, Segraves, Browder, Rybak, and Deardorff ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1011
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bhakta is a teacher. Paramo is a labourer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Piccolo is a chef. Coates is a nurse. At the dog park, Piccolo, Paramo, Coates, and Bhakta ran into each other. The birds are wild and hungry! She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1012
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Watters is a lecturer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Dwyer is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Fitzhugh is an optician. Height is a mechanic. At the gallery opening event, Watters, Fitzhugh, Dwyer, and Height ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1013
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lepley is a bus driver. Sidebottom is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cordeiro is a newsreader. Ratchford is a mechanic. Lepley, Ratchford, Cordeiro, and Sidebottom met at the bar crawl. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1014
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Cadwell is a mechanic. Stall is a dentist. Arzola is a teacher. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Levingston is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the hotel, Arzola, Levingston, Cadwell, and Stall connected. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1015
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Deboard is a plumber. Houchin is a lifeguard. Gebhardt is a dentist. Artman is a newsreader. At the specialty retail store, Houchin, Deboard, Artman, and Gebhardt connected. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1016
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Marker is a newsreader. Whisenhunt is a chef. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Fernandez is a nurse. Capote is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the hotel, Marker, Fernandez, Whisenhunt, and Capote started a conversation. The place was crowded. Ey told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1017
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Kirwan is a lifeguard. Luera is a labourer. Boren is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Axtell is a lecturer. At the grocery store, Luera, Kirwan, Axtell, and Boren connected. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1018
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Aceves is a bus driver. Lemanski is an accountant. Swett is a labourer. Mix is a hairdresser. At the local talk, Aceves, Lemanski, Mix, and Swett ran into each other. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1019
Rosenberry is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kuczynski is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Padgett is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Giberson is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the specialty retail store, Kuczynski, Giberson, Padgett, and Rosenberry met. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1020
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Rundell is an accountant. Silvernail is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Putman is a newsreader. Simpkins is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the commuter bus, Simpkins, Rundell, Silvernail, and Putman connected. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1021
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Martone is a nurse. Denman is a dentist. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Downing is a labourer. Worsley is a mechanic. Downing, Denman, Martone, and Worsley met at the bar. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1022
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Musick is a labourer. Haws is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Capobianco is a teacher. Durrant is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the cigar bar, Durrant, Musick, Capobianco, and Haws met. The coffee tea is great. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1023
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Pilon is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Goff is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Szabo is a plumber. Huguley is a lifeguard. At the food and drink festival, Szabo, Goff, Huguley, and Pilon connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1024
Read is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Millhouse is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Balch is a traffic warden. Cheever is a mechanic. At the bar crawl, Cheever, Read, Balch, and Millhouse met. Tours help one discover the city. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1025
Edney is a chef. Daoust is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Negron is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Minton is a stocking associate. Minton, Negron, Daoust, and Edney met at the food and drink festival. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1026
Molloy is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Penland is a hairdresser. Molter is a carpenter. Bento is a chef. At the social community gathering, Bento, Penland, Molloy, and Molter started a conversation. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1027
Hockman is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Capellan is an electrician. Dingman is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mukherjee is a lifeguard. At the open gallery museum, Dingman, Mukherjee, Capellan, and Hockman connected. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1028
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Jelks is a lecturer. Manor is an accountant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Gabbard is an optician. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hower is a factory worker. At the wedding, Manor, Jelks, Gabbard, and Hower met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1029
Stolte is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Briceno is a carpenter. Vaca is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Gowdy is a hairdresser. At the food and drink festival, Vaca, Stolte, Briceno, and Gowdy ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1030
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Legler is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Astacio is a traffic warden. Mccullen is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Davenport is a labourer. At the cooking class, Legler, Davenport, Mccullen, and Astacio met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1031
Ingalls is a factory worker. Trang is a teacher. Nissen is an electrician. Petersen is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the open mic night, Petersen, Ingalls, Nissen, and Trang ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1032
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Sturgill is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Ramer is a chef. Houle is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Suzuki is a nurse. At the subway, Sturgill, Houle, Ramer, and Suzuki connected. The public transports are public. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1033
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mehta is a teacher. Hinkley is a hairdresser. Saulsbury is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Selig is a dentist. At the local talk, Mehta, Selig, Hinkley, and Saulsbury started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1034
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Verrett is a dentist. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mulhall is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Bowersox is a nurse. Hickerson is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the gallery, Mulhall, Verrett, Bowersox, and Hickerson ran into each other. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1035
Akey is a chef. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Jeanlouis is a mechanic. Allain is a model. Dingess is a nurse. At the party, Jeanlouis, Akey, Allain, and Dingess connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1036
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcpeek is an optician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hardie is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pompey is a plumber. Auten is a traffic warden. At the gallery, Hardie, Auten, Pompey, and Mcpeek started a conversation. Museums have free exhibitions. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1037
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Kleinschmidt is a labourer. Vanriper is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Masse is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Fadden is a hairdresser. At the music festival, Fadden, Vanriper, Kleinschmidt, and Masse met. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1038
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gibbens is a chef. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Arant is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pittman is an accountant. Rego is a carpenter. At the subway, Gibbens, Rego, Pittman, and Arant ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1039
Roudebush is a traffic warden. Accardi is a model. Bohrer is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Bilodeau is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the boardwalk arcade, Bilodeau, Accardi, Bohrer, and Roudebush ran into each other. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1040
Hagedorn is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hirst is a newsreader. Thornhill is an accountant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Shanks is a bus driver. At the cafe, Hirst, Hagedorn, Shanks, and Thornhill ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1041
Leitch is a bus driver. Pridgen is a teacher. Buckle is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hambleton is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Leitch, Buckle, Hambleton, and Pridgen met at the specialty retail store. The market is a big source of income for many people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1042
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Mckiernan is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lundeen is a hairdresser. Gorden is a factory worker. Woodbury is a lecturer. Lundeen, Woodbury, Gorden, and Mckiernan met at the school reunion. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1043
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Rembert is a labourer. Dinges is a bus driver. Buckner is a teacher. Koziol is a mechanic. Buckner, Koziol, Dinges, and Rembert met at the boardwalk arcade. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1044
Mcnabb is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kroeger is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Anastasio is a traffic warden. Hand is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mcnabb, Kroeger, Hand, and Anastasio met at the restaurant. The drinks are served on time. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1045
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gusman is an electrician. Cranmer is an optician. Mosca is a plumber. Ingles is a carpenter. At the cafe, Gusman, Cranmer, Mosca, and Ingles connected. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1046
Warwick is a nurse. Maeda is a traffic warden. Arzola is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Doolittle is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the bar, Arzola, Doolittle, Maeda, and Warwick connected. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1047
Schnoor is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Pelfrey is an electrician. Bier is an accountant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Foor is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the gallery opening event, Bier, Schnoor, Foor, and Pelfrey started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1048
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Greathouse is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Celis is a labourer. Boulton is a carpenter. Cusack is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Boulton, Greathouse, Cusack, and Celis met at the power yoga class. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1049
Pitcher is a traffic warden. Warnke is a mechanic. Rollison is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hanks is a bus driver. At the cooking class, Rollison, Warnke, Hanks, and Pitcher ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1050
Downer is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hunnicutt is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Forbes is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Trogdon is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the subway, Trogdon, Downer, Hunnicutt, and Forbes ran into each other. Public transports are affordable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1051
Overton is a teacher. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bellman is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Haller is a hairdresser. Diblasi is a chef. At the gallery opening event, Haller, Diblasi, Overton, and Bellman met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1052
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Tinney is a lifeguard. Truesdale is an optician. Geissler is a newsreader. Leroux is a hairdresser. Tinney, Truesdale, Leroux, and Geissler met at the wedding. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1053
Feingold is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mathurin is an electrician. Maines is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Arner is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mathurin, Arner, Maines, and Feingold met at the social community gathering. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. They reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1054
Davalos is a factory worker. Rather is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Duprey is a plumber. Pavia is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the music festival, Rather, Davalos, Duprey, and Pavia started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1055
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Palomera is a chef. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Holiman is a traffic warden. Epstein is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Vangilder is an electrician. At the grocery store, Epstein, Vangilder, Holiman, and Palomera connected. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1056
Noffsinger is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Waldrup is a carpenter. Eisenhauer is an accountant. Rudder is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the theater festival, Rudder, Waldrup, Noffsinger, and Eisenhauer ran into each other. The event is still underway. Ey told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1057
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mccarter is a nurse. Leaver is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Gammage is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hendrickson is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the subway, Mccarter, Hendrickson, Gammage, and Leaver started a conversation. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1058
Colligan is a mechanic. Eaddy is a chef. Valladares is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Artiga is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the halloweeen party, Colligan, Artiga, Valladares, and Eaddy ran into each other. The party is also filled by the band. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1059
Sigler is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sligh is an electrician. Arenas is a traffic warden. Villafane is a dentist. At the grocery store, Villafane, Sigler, Sligh, and Arenas ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1060
Pauli is a chef. Calleros is a model. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mazzone is a traffic warden. Cavazos is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the dance class, Calleros, Pauli, Cavazos, and Mazzone met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1061
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hirschman is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Rossow is a carpenter. Divito is a teacher. Wilhoite is an accountant. At the food and drink festival, Rossow, Hirschman, Divito, and Wilhoite started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1062
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Polson is a bus driver. Bridgman is an optician. Hiles is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Lauver is a chef. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the group vacation, Polson, Hiles, Bridgman, and Lauver started a conversation. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1063
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Eastwood is a labourer. Deberry is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Monterroso is an accountant. Furtado is a carpenter. At the gallery, Deberry, Monterroso, Eastwood, and Furtado met. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1064
Swett is a plumber. Goldsberry is a traffic warden. Palen is a teacher. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Woodburn is a model. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the dance class, Palen, Woodburn, Swett, and Goldsberry ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1065
Kurth is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Guglielmo is a teacher. Woodruff is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sorg is a factory worker. At the power yoga class, Woodruff, Sorg, Guglielmo, and Kurth ran into each other. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1066
Spalding is a bus driver. Lozada is a dentist. Forth is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mcevoy is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lozada, Forth, Spalding, and Mcevoy met at the music festival. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1067
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Woodford is a teacher. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mullens is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Bradburn is a bus driver. Thorson is an accountant. Thorson, Bradburn, Mullens, and Woodford met at the open gallery museum. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1068
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Thrift is a newsreader. Moller is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Huebner is a lifeguard. Clune is a mechanic. At the boardwalk arcade, Moller, Thrift, Huebner, and Clune met. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1069
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcgrath is an accountant. Cotner is a dentist. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Moskal is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Buhr is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the halloweeen party, Moskal, Mcgrath, Buhr, and Cotner ran into each other. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1070
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Kreider is a labourer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Croom is a dentist. Mastrangelo is a hairdresser. Fichter is a chef. At the party, Croom, Mastrangelo, Fichter, and Kreider connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1071
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stines is a model. Nuccio is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Hartigan is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lunt is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the bar, Stines, Nuccio, Lunt, and Hartigan connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1072
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Charlesworth is a lifeguard. Delima is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hillis is a labourer. Bayer is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the theater festival, Delima, Charlesworth, Hillis, and Bayer met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1073
Schuett is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Exline is a hairdresser. Fortner is a nurse. Read is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the retreat, Read, Schuett, Exline, and Fortner met. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1074
Sen is a newsreader. Mcnutt is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Chalfant is a mechanic. Card is an optician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Chalfant, Mcnutt, Card, and Sen met at the gallery opening event. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1075
Cleary is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Shorts is a model. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Brunette is a newsreader. Whited is a stocking associate. At the book club, Brunette, Shorts, Whited, and Cleary started a conversation. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1076
Engram is an optician. Wetherbee is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sood is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Center is a labourer. At the local talk, Wetherbee, Sood, Engram, and Center ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1077
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hettinger is an electrician. Owensby is a traffic warden. Freeze is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Alcorta is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the power yoga class, Freeze, Alcorta, Owensby, and Hettinger started a conversation. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1078
Farney is a mechanic. Penson is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Ballinger is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Upham is a model. Penson, Farney, Upham, and Ballinger met at the group vacation. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1079
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Palen is a stocking associate. Cuccia is an optician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bottorff is a mechanic. Creason is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the charity car wash, Cuccia, Palen, Bottorff, and Creason met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1080
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Degennaro is an optician. Glade is a mechanic. Rhoades is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Houpt is a hairdresser. At the book club, Glade, Houpt, Rhoades, and Degennaro started a conversation. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1081
Siu is a nurse. Lipson is a lecturer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mccrary is a traffic warden. Erazo is an optician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the specialty retail store, Siu, Mccrary, Lipson, and Erazo connected. The market is divided into sub-markets. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1082
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Crean is a plumber. Mix is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Toms is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Tippit is a lifeguard. Toms, Mix, Tippit, and Crean met at the boardwalk arcade. A lot of games have many different endings. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1083
Largent is a chef. Fullmer is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Saunders is a labourer. Fenske is a bus driver. At the cafe, Largent, Fenske, Fullmer, and Saunders ran into each other. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1084
Pitt is a dentist. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Goulding is a nurse. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Strom is a factory worker. Phalen is a newsreader. At the open gallery museum, Phalen, Pitt, Goulding, and Strom started a conversation. Museums are definitely not boring! He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1085
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Menon is a bus driver. Konieczny is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Yeh is an electrician. Eickhoff is a lecturer. At the open mic night, Yeh, Menon, Eickhoff, and Konieczny connected. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1086
Longnecker is a factory worker. Hutchings is a carpenter. Sartain is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hartin is a plumber. At the business expo, Longnecker, Sartain, Hutchings, and Hartin started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1087
Mangold is a plumber. Rine is a model. Choudhury is a teacher. Tibbetts is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Rine, Choudhury, Tibbetts, and Mangold met at the open mic night. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1088
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hallock is a nurse. Daye is a dentist. Suzuki is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mazzarella is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the bar, Mazzarella, Hallock, Daye, and Suzuki ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1089
Loyola is a model. Shiver is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lambright is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Crook is a labourer. At the power yoga class, Loyola, Crook, Shiver, and Lambright started a conversation. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1090
Twyman is a newsreader. Chicas is a nurse. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Villeda is a dentist. Hosch is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the business expo, Twyman, Hosch, Villeda, and Chicas met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1091
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Dhaliwal is a lecturer. Hiles is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Eisenberg is a model. Hindman is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the commuter bus, Hindman, Hiles, Dhaliwal, and Eisenberg ran into each other. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1092
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Specht is a chef. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wong is a factory worker. Killeen is a newsreader. Havens is a carpenter. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the theater festival, Havens, Specht, Killeen, and Wong ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1093
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Sen is a lifeguard. Engelhardt is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Niehaus is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gear is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the theater festival, Sen, Niehaus, Gear, and Engelhardt started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1094
Plowman is a hairdresser. Newman is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Delp is a factory worker. Havens is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the bar crawl, Newman, Plowman, Delp, and Havens started a conversation. Tours help one discover the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1095
Mahaney is an accountant. Whipple is a model. Pullman is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Rappaport is a nurse. At the open mic night, Mahaney, Whipple, Rappaport, and Pullman ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1096
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Abston is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Hudgens is a mechanic. Goulding is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lowy is a chef. At the open mic night, Lowy, Goulding, Abston, and Hudgens connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1097
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ivery is a model. Tarnowski is a plumber. Knudson is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Banton is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the boardwalk arcade, Banton, Knudson, Ivery, and Tarnowski connected. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1098
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Sall is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Leatherman is a model. Atkinson is a carpenter. Putman is a lecturer. At the group vacation, Putman, Atkinson, Sall, and Leatherman met. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1099
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Harder is a newsreader. Burney is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Paik is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Valero is a mechanic. At the business expo, Valero, Burney, Paik, and Harder connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1100
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Fodor is a chef. Sankar is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Panek is an accountant. Fergerson is a dentist. At the wedding, Fodor, Sankar, Panek, and Fergerson met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1101
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Shivers is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Padron is a traffic warden. Mccomas is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Permenter is an accountant. At the commuter bus, Permenter, Shivers, Mccomas, and Padron started a conversation. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1102
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Smalley is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Silcox is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Owings is a traffic warden. Stearns is a chef. At the cafe, Owings, Smalley, Stearns, and Silcox met. The coffee tastes good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1103
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Strickland is a lecturer. Broadway is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Fairfield is a teacher. Rauch is a factory worker. At the school reunion, Broadway, Strickland, Fairfield, and Rauch connected. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1104
Maeda is a plumber. Krell is an optician. Niehaus is a carpenter. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dealba is a mechanic. Maeda, Dealba, Niehaus, and Krell met at the retreat. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1105
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Ontiveros is a nurse. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Marx is a lecturer. Horak is a lifeguard. Petrella is an electrician. At the halloweeen party, Marx, Petrella, Horak, and Ontiveros started a conversation. The party is free entry for everyone. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1106
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Zalewski is a teacher. Heaney is an accountant. Basurto is a mechanic. Gowdy is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the boardwalk arcade, Gowdy, Zalewski, Heaney, and Basurto met. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1107
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Zielinski is a carpenter. Orner is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bedoya is a model. Critchfield is a hairdresser. At the dance class, Orner, Critchfield, Zielinski, and Bedoya started a conversation. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1108
Mcquay is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Nwosu is an accountant. Crook is an electrician. Womble is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Nwosu, Crook, Womble, and Mcquay met at the grocery store. The market is divided into sub-markets. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1109
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Champagne is a labourer. Marr is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bator is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mijares is a plumber. At the power yoga class, Champagne, Bator, Mijares, and Marr met. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1110
Delcid is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Brainerd is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Engelhart is an optician. Lamas is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the commuter bus, Lamas, Engelhart, Brainerd, and Delcid met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1111
Lucarelli is an optician. Hedgecock is a carpenter. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Vanpelt is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Engram is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the wedding, Engram, Lucarelli, Hedgecock, and Vanpelt started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1112
Thrower is a carpenter. Grajeda is a mechanic. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Dowell is a chef. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Choy is an accountant. At the school reunion, Dowell, Choy, Thrower, and Grajeda started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1113
Tynes is an accountant. Deschamps is a teacher. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Giannone is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Wimberley is a lifeguard. At the dog park, Giannone, Wimberley, Tynes, and Deschamps met. The picnic line is very short in this park. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1114
Huseman is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Latona is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Garza is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Eriksen is a labourer. At the book club, Latona, Huseman, Eriksen, and Garza started a conversation. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1115
Jeanjacques is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bodnar is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hottinger is a teacher. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mcnelly is a model. At the party, Mcnelly, Bodnar, Jeanjacques, and Hottinger met. The party is free entry for everyone. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1116
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lamas is a mechanic. Sherk is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tippett is a stocking associate. Figueiredo is a lecturer. At the local talk, Figueiredo, Lamas, Tippett, and Sherk connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1117
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dubay is a factory worker. Hassett is a labourer. Shultz is a nurse. Heberling is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the beach, Dubay, Hassett, Heberling, and Shultz met. For years, there was very little activity to this point in the sand of the beach, and now it's all but empty. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1118
Hagins is a newsreader. Schmucker is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Saltz is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kunze is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the dance class, Schmucker, Saltz, Hagins, and Kunze ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1119
Morelos is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hockaday is a hairdresser. Hunte is a newsreader. Thedford is a teacher. Hockaday, Thedford, Morelos, and Hunte met at the cigar bar. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1120
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ussery is a lecturer. Suniga is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Abshire is a mechanic. Peach is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the holiday party, Ussery, Abshire, Suniga, and Peach met. The party is free entry for everyone. They reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1121
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rust is a lecturer. Burkart is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Eichhorn is a plumber. Saulnier is a teacher. At the school reunion, Saulnier, Rust, Eichhorn, and Burkart started a conversation. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1122
Waring is a lecturer. Kicklighter is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mechling is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Fryman is an electrician. Mechling, Fryman, Kicklighter, and Waring met at the open gallery museum. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. They told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1123
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fiala is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Caffey is a teacher. Picazo is a stocking associate. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tolleson is a newsreader. Caffey, Picazo, Tolleson, and Fiala met at the wedding. A lot of people participate in these events! They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1124
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lacher is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hadlock is a model. Krogh is a dentist. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Cathcart is an electrician. At the beach, Cathcart, Krogh, Hadlock, and Lacher started a conversation. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1125
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Woelfel is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mccay is a newsreader. Canfield is a factory worker. Umanzor is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the bar crawl, Canfield, Woelfel, Mccay, and Umanzor started a conversation. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1126
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Odwyer is an optician. Clow is a dentist. Stillwell is a newsreader. Ambrosino is a teacher. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the halloweeen party, Stillwell, Odwyer, Ambrosino, and Clow connected. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1127
Sessions is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Helsel is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Corl is a hairdresser. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Abshire is a teacher. At the business expo, Abshire, Sessions, Helsel, and Corl met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1128
Stampley is an optician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Foutz is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Cheatwood is a lifeguard. Uhler is a newsreader. At the house party, Stampley, Cheatwood, Uhler, and Foutz started a conversation. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1129
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcquay is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hay is an electrician. Fernandez is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Henshaw is a hairdresser. At the cooking class, Fernandez, Henshaw, Mcquay, and Hay met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1130
Post is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Raub is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Nauman is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Palomino is a mechanic. At the dog park, Nauman, Post, Raub, and Palomino met. The park has a running track. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1131
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Spies is a carpenter. Handy is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcgrail is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dingman is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the subway, Handy, Mcgrail, Dingman, and Spies connected. The public transports are public. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1132
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Rager is a stocking associate. Mcneeley is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hagans is an accountant. Edmonson is a mechanic. At the school reunion, Hagans, Edmonson, Rager, and Mcneeley connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1133
Winders is a chef. Defazio is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Pickens is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Wolfson is a teacher. At the dog park, Wolfson, Defazio, Winders, and Pickens met. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1134
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Whitlatch is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Byard is a carpenter. Simonson is a newsreader. Raker is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Raker, Whitlatch, Byard, and Simonson met at the boardwalk arcade. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1135
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Osornio is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lesure is a plumber. Dimmick is a hairdresser. Bourn is a teacher. Lesure, Dimmick, Bourn, and Osornio met at the school reunion. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1136
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Rego is an electrician. Mallet is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Manor is a dentist. Bilbo is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the party, Bilbo, Manor, Rego, and Mallet started a conversation. The party is also filled by the band. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1137
Cypher is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sylvestre is a bus driver. Pifer is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Petry is an accountant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the dance class, Petry, Sylvestre, Cypher, and Pifer started a conversation. It's a huge place! She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1138
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Delreal is a labourer. Smock is a newsreader. Koger is a hairdresser. Siddiqui is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the local talk, Koger, Siddiqui, Delreal, and Smock met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1139
Horvat is a model. Nyquist is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Harnden is a hairdresser. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Chitty is a plumber. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the music festival, Harnden, Horvat, Nyquist, and Chitty connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1140
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Portwood is a labourer. Poore is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gant is an accountant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Corl is a teacher. Portwood, Gant, Corl, and Poore met at the halloweeen party. The party is going to be full. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1141
Egger is a stocking associate. Voight is a dentist. Horak is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lenart is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the cooking class, Horak, Egger, Lenart, and Voight met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1142
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Marker is a mechanic. Abadie is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kissel is a nurse. Still is a carpenter. At the school reunion, Kissel, Marker, Abadie, and Still ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1143
Mcjunkin is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Verrett is a traffic warden. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Seddon is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Aguayo is a factory worker. At the cigar bar, Mcjunkin, Seddon, Verrett, and Aguayo met. The coffee tastes good. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1144
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Robinette is a traffic warden. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kowal is a model. Cogswell is a labourer. Wear is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Kowal, Wear, Cogswell, and Robinette met at the bar. The other beverages served here are ok. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1145
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Worley is a lecturer. Kellerman is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Murga is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Heberling is a plumber. At the gallery opening event, Kellerman, Worley, Heberling, and Murga ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1146
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Brazier is an accountant. Phaneuf is a dentist. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Delozier is a nurse. Seely is an optician. At the hotel, Seely, Brazier, Phaneuf, and Delozier connected. The coffee tea is great. They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1147
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Brucker is a chef. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Stickle is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Eubank is a lifeguard. Amezquita is a hairdresser. At the party, Eubank, Brucker, Stickle, and Amezquita connected. The party is free entry for everyone. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1148
Hughes is a nurse. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Eisenberg is a model. Mcgaughey is an accountant. Barta is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the restaurant, Mcgaughey, Barta, Hughes, and Eisenberg ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1149
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Koh is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gaddis is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Sizemore is an optician. Guilbeau is a lecturer. At the party, Guilbeau, Sizemore, Koh, and Gaddis ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1150
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Forbush is a factory worker. Casperson is a model. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Stich is a hairdresser. Stallard is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the gallery, Casperson, Stallard, Stich, and Forbush ran into each other. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1151
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hampson is a nurse. Murr is a plumber. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Burdine is a teacher. Guilfoyle is a lecturer. At the cigar bar, Guilfoyle, Hampson, Burdine, and Murr met. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1152
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Iler is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kirkley is an accountant. Haggerty is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Dinwiddie is a teacher. At the music festival, Dinwiddie, Haggerty, Iler, and Kirkley ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. They reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1153
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Wildman is a nurse. Warriner is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Niblett is a stocking associate. Bednar is a labourer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Bednar, Wildman, Warriner, and Niblett met at the retreat. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1154
Detweiler is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gaeta is an electrician. Sanmiguel is a traffic warden. Giardina is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the halloweeen party, Detweiler, Giardina, Gaeta, and Sanmiguel ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1155
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Shew is an accountant. Brunt is a newsreader. Mcclusky is a nurse. Hopkins is a hairdresser. At the music festival, Hopkins, Brunt, Mcclusky, and Shew ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1156
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kats is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Byerley is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Honea is a bus driver. Recinos is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Byerley, Recinos, Kats, and Honea met at the bar crawl. Tours help one discover the city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1157
Permenter is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Magnuson is a chef. Babineau is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Antley is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Babineau, Antley, Magnuson, and Permenter met. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1158
Almazan is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Titsworth is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Cota is a newsreader. Snelling is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Titsworth, Cota, Almazan, and Snelling met at the dance class. It's a huge place! He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1159
Bevins is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pitts is an accountant. Wimberley is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hageman is a nurse. Hageman, Wimberley, Pitts, and Bevins met at the school reunion. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1160
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Odom is a carpenter. Hambrick is a lifeguard. Ruelas is a factory worker. Karst is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the group vacation, Hambrick, Karst, Odom, and Ruelas started a conversation. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1161
Mckissick is a hairdresser. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Koziol is an electrician. Lofland is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Unruh is a factory worker. At the party, Koziol, Lofland, Mckissick, and Unruh started a conversation. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1162
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Nesbitt is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Babineau is a bus driver. Cordoba is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Degeorge is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Babineau, Nesbitt, Degeorge, and Cordoba met at the design expo. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1163
Chalmers is a bus driver. Hutcherson is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Burchette is a hairdresser. Caplan is a labourer. At the bar crawl, Chalmers, Caplan, Hutcherson, and Burchette met. Tours show all the important places in a city. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1164
Aldrete is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Janowski is a dentist. Stull is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Cadenas is a teacher. At the charity car wash, Janowski, Aldrete, Stull, and Cadenas ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1165
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Gear is a lifeguard. Brimmer is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Maas is a chef. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Saenz is a stocking associate. At the bar crawl, Maas, Gear, Saenz, and Brimmer started a conversation. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1166
Greenblatt is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Fordham is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Sites is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Maxey is a carpenter. At the theater festival, Maxey, Greenblatt, Fordham, and Sites ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1167
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Chamorro is a teacher. Rahimi is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Grimaldo is a lecturer. Silvernail is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the bar crawl, Silvernail, Rahimi, Chamorro, and Grimaldo started a conversation. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1168
Ketcham is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gladstone is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Arroyo is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sturdevant is a bus driver. At the cooking class, Gladstone, Arroyo, Ketcham, and Sturdevant met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1169
Trogdon is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Poore is a newsreader. Schmitt is an optician. Silliman is a hairdresser. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Poore, Schmitt, Trogdon, and Silliman met at the house party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1170
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Eells is an electrician. Stalcup is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Defazio is a labourer. Munden is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the specialty retail store, Eells, Munden, Defazio, and Stalcup started a conversation. The market is divided into sub-markets. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1171
Pazmino is a dentist. Stelly is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gangi is a plumber. Raye is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the house party, Stelly, Gangi, Raye, and Pazmino met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1172
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Stringfield is a bus driver. Bollman is a dentist. Gullion is a hairdresser. Lathrop is a labourer. At the wedding, Gullion, Stringfield, Bollman, and Lathrop ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1173
Reinoso is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Harrold is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mangano is a mechanic. Newport is a labourer. At the grocery store, Newport, Harrold, Reinoso, and Mangano started a conversation. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1174
Aldrete is a carpenter. Kauffman is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Arner is a teacher. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lundeen is a model. Arner, Aldrete, Kauffman, and Lundeen met at the cooking class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1175
Davenport is a bus driver. Landes is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Thomson is a carpenter. Romer is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the dance class, Landes, Romer, Thomson, and Davenport started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1176
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Vandeusen is a hairdresser. Morphis is a carpenter. Gier is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mcsorley is a bus driver. At the hotel, Vandeusen, Mcsorley, Gier, and Morphis met. The place was crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1177
Belles is a labourer. Hinshaw is an accountant. Marchetti is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Waldrup is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Belles, Waldrup, Marchetti, and Hinshaw met at the social community gathering. It is important to work together. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1178
Kitt is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcglothlin is a newsreader. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Koepp is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Byerley is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the bar crawl, Mcglothlin, Kitt, Byerley, and Koepp started a conversation. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1179
Beacham is an electrician. Alberts is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Middlebrook is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mcginness is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the open mic night, Mcginness, Middlebrook, Alberts, and Beacham connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1180
Shows is a hairdresser. Figueredo is a plumber. Feinberg is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Otey is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the local talk, Feinberg, Otey, Shows, and Figueredo started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1181
Dahl is a labourer. Gerner is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Turnbull is an accountant. Goodloe is a lifeguard. At the theater festival, Turnbull, Dahl, Gerner, and Goodloe connected. It is open to the public. They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1182
Rhee is a lifeguard. Dorfman is a stocking associate. Kung is an accountant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Johns is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rhee, Kung, Dorfman, and Johns met at the music festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1183
Grillo is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Western is a dentist. Bilbo is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Sen is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the dog park, Sen, Bilbo, Western, and Grillo ran into each other. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1184
Mullis is a dentist. Hurt is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Higby is a labourer. Byington is a stocking associate. At the commuter bus, Hurt, Higby, Byington, and Mullis connected. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1185
Mott is a lecturer. Krum is a nurse. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Rodden is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Driskill is a mechanic. At the power yoga class, Krum, Driskill, Mott, and Rodden met. A yoga class helps live a happier life. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1186
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Buckman is a plumber. Tackett is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Boger is a model. Watts is a nurse. Tackett, Buckman, Boger, and Watts met at the power yoga class. A yoga class helps live a happier life. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1187
Maglione is a teacher. Roudebush is an accountant. Sachs is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Rosenau is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Maglione, Rosenau, Roudebush, and Sachs met at the open gallery museum. The museum would be great to come back again and again! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1188
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Masse is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Heroux is a lifeguard. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Tippit is a model. Yarger is a teacher. At the local talk, Yarger, Masse, Tippit, and Heroux connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1189
Mosier is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Imperial is an electrician. Abbasi is a teacher. Hartin is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the cigar bar, Abbasi, Hartin, Mosier, and Imperial met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1190
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Guymon is a chef. Hickerson is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Center is a stocking associate. Chasteen is a dentist. At the design expo, Guymon, Center, Hickerson, and Chasteen met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1191
Buell is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Irigoyen is an optician. Fullmer is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Monsalve is an accountant. At the cafe, Irigoyen, Buell, Monsalve, and Fullmer started a conversation. The beer is excellent. Ey reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1192
Kratzer is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Arakaki is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Tabron is a hairdresser. Deschamps is a bus driver. At the retreat, Arakaki, Tabron, Kratzer, and Deschamps met. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1193
Denney is a mechanic. Ruff is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Fortson is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Grimm is a lecturer. At the music festival, Grimm, Ruff, Fortson, and Denney connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1194
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Melara is a plumber. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cutting is a carpenter. Albarran is a lecturer. Fauver is an accountant. At the book club, Albarran, Fauver, Cutting, and Melara ran into each other. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1195
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Lamantia is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Halpern is a carpenter. Rasor is a chef. Petrov is a dentist. At the book club, Lamantia, Petrov, Rasor, and Halpern started a conversation. Book clubs help expand social circles. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1196
Au is a model. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Spina is a stocking associate. Serafini is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Quirino is a bus driver. At the business expo, Serafini, Spina, Quirino, and Au connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1197
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Pulley is a dentist. Konieczny is a factory worker. Bass is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Delgado is a traffic warden. Pulley, Konieczny, Bass, and Delgado met at the restaurant. The place was crowded. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1198
Derr is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Miyashiro is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Nanez is a traffic warden. Baskerville is a labourer. At the group vacation, Baskerville, Derr, Nanez, and Miyashiro connected. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1199
Armour is a chef. Derr is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Piccolo is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Suniga is an optician. Suniga, Derr, Armour, and Piccolo met at the school reunion. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1200
Rosenberry is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Keels is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Sutherlin is a hairdresser. Downey is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Keels, Rosenberry, Sutherlin, and Downey met at the bar. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1201
Hirsch is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Criswell is a model. Keehn is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Christner is an accountant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Christner, Keehn, Hirsch, and Criswell met at the retreat. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1202
Bronstein is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Huggins is a factory worker. Prudencio is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Heasley is a bus driver. At the school reunion, Heasley, Bronstein, Huggins, and Prudencio started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1203
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hurd is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tenorio is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Ni is a dentist. Goetz is a factory worker. At the cigar bar, Ni, Goetz, Hurd, and Tenorio connected. The coffee tea is great. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1204
Zaragoza is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ellman is a stocking associate. Goldfarb is an accountant. Fellows is a carpenter. At the cooking class, Ellman, Goldfarb, Fellows, and Zaragoza met. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1205
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Cambron is a chef. Swanner is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Matherne is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Rizzo is an accountant. At the halloweeen party, Swanner, Rizzo, Matherne, and Cambron ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1206
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Plaisted is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Clasen is an optician. Watts is a dentist. Armour is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Plaisted, Clasen, Armour, and Watts met at the food and drink festival. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1207
Eger is a dentist. Ferri is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Darr is a bus driver. Krishnamurthy is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the party, Eger, Krishnamurthy, Darr, and Ferri met. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1208
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Norden is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Fee is a nurse. Canto is an optician. Mccarroll is a newsreader. Norden, Mccarroll, Fee, and Canto met at the social community gathering. It is important to work together. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1209
Kreutzer is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Peek is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Obanion is a lifeguard. Mederos is a newsreader. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the dog park, Obanion, Kreutzer, Peek, and Mederos met. The park has a running track. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1210
Spataro is a stocking associate. Wills is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Holl is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Danley is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the school reunion, Wills, Spataro, Danley, and Holl ran into each other. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1211
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Brazeal is a chef. Duenas is a plumber. Sleeper is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Luera is a stocking associate. At the open gallery museum, Duenas, Sleeper, Brazeal, and Luera started a conversation. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1212
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mastrangelo is a lifeguard. Bourg is a stocking associate. Koh is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Deardorff is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the group vacation, Bourg, Koh, Mastrangelo, and Deardorff started a conversation. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1213
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Burciaga is a chef. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Jackman is a labourer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Wisner is a dentist. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Godlewski is an electrician. At the open gallery museum, Wisner, Burciaga, Jackman, and Godlewski connected. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1214
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Buss is a bus driver. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Kats is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mucha is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Pucci is a lifeguard. Pucci, Mucha, Buss, and Kats met at the specialty retail store. The market is a big source of income for many people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1215
Nevarez is a mechanic. Mangold is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Whipple is a newsreader. Goff is a model. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the gallery opening event, Whipple, Nevarez, Goff, and Mangold connected. The event is free and open to all people. They reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1216
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Miera is an optician. Delozier is an electrician. Mathurin is a labourer. Gongora is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mathurin, Delozier, Gongora, and Miera met at the design expo. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1217
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Rosen is an accountant. Bohrer is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Coffman is a traffic warden. Baber is a teacher. At the music festival, Bohrer, Rosen, Coffman, and Baber connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1218
Kees is a mechanic. Buehler is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Summerville is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Vansant is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the retreat, Summerville, Vansant, Kees, and Buehler met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1219
Saltsman is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Fadden is a chef. Cargill is a bus driver. Fairfax is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the gallery, Cargill, Fadden, Fairfax, and Saltsman connected. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1220
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Loyola is a labourer. Deere is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Ashbrook is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Gorney is a chef. At the design expo, Loyola, Ashbrook, Deere, and Gorney met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1221
Ellzey is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hunte is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Moskal is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kawamoto is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the party, Kawamoto, Hunte, Ellzey, and Moskal connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. They reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1222
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Loch is a plumber. Bunge is a labourer. Bergquist is an optician. Fretz is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the wedding, Bunge, Bergquist, Loch, and Fretz connected. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1223
Stebbins is a model. Stockdale is a dentist. Dyal is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ancheta is an accountant. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the theater festival, Stockdale, Ancheta, Stebbins, and Dyal met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1224
Sorrells is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gormley is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Solberg is a stocking associate. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Tibbitts is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the school reunion, Tibbitts, Gormley, Sorrells, and Solberg connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1225
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcvicker is an optician. Benavides is a hairdresser. Ladner is a labourer. Papineau is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the grocery store, Papineau, Mcvicker, Benavides, and Ladner ran into each other. Markets are full of surprises! She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1226
Bluhm is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Abramson is a stocking associate. Hoosier is a newsreader. Estell is a hairdresser. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the gallery opening event, Bluhm, Hoosier, Estell, and Abramson connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1227
Gathright is a bus driver. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Charron is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Harkleroad is a newsreader. Hensler is a plumber. Hensler, Harkleroad, Charron, and Gathright met at the open mic night. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1228
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Giffin is an optician. Nevarez is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Strack is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Cowgill is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the dance class, Cowgill, Giffin, Strack, and Nevarez met. It's a huge place! They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1229
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Pylant is an electrician. Markland is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Heineman is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hamann is a factory worker. At the book club, Heineman, Hamann, Pylant, and Markland ran into each other. Book clubs help expand social circles. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1230
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mikkelsen is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mcglone is a hairdresser. Kuhlman is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Seman is a lifeguard. At the gallery opening event, Mcglone, Seman, Kuhlman, and Mikkelsen ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1231
Oram is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bourn is a newsreader. Alcock is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Specht is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the grocery store, Alcock, Bourn, Oram, and Specht ran into each other. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. Ey reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1232
Butts is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Studebaker is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Radcliff is a stocking associate. Riffe is a newsreader. At the book club, Studebaker, Butts, Radcliff, and Riffe started a conversation. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. Ey reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1233
Pica is a carpenter. Persons is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gerke is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Chittum is a model. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gerke, Persons, Chittum, and Pica met at the business expo. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1234
Alpizar is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lesser is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Cosentino is a hairdresser. Castrejon is an electrician. At the charity car wash, Lesser, Cosentino, Castrejon, and Alpizar ran into each other. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1235
Phung is a chef. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Legrand is a newsreader. Plumley is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Christoffersen is a teacher. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the house party, Phung, Christoffersen, Plumley, and Legrand started a conversation. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1236
Eisenhauer is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Fredricks is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Seng is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Rowden is a mechanic. At the local talk, Fredricks, Rowden, Seng, and Eisenhauer ran into each other. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1237
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pazmino is a lifeguard. Leinbach is a chef. Hertz is a bus driver. Loh is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the gallery opening event, Leinbach, Pazmino, Loh, and Hertz met. A lot of people participate in these events! They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1238
Henkle is a nurse. Biondo is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Garey is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Ruffino is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Garey, Biondo, Henkle, and Ruffino met at the party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1239
Eisenhart is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Stalcup is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Crespo is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Osborn is a stocking associate. At the house party, Crespo, Stalcup, Eisenhart, and Osborn ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1240
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Dowler is an accountant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Brey is an optician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Poor is a newsreader. Bargo is a chef. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the wedding, Bargo, Dowler, Poor, and Brey ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1241
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Outten is a labourer. Ledoux is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hamel is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Scurlock is a plumber. At the grocery store, Ledoux, Hamel, Scurlock, and Outten met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1242
Watters is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Puckett is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Charlesworth is a plumber. Leal is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the gallery, Watters, Puckett, Charlesworth, and Leal connected. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1243
Whetzel is a newsreader. Stackhouse is a lecturer. Chenevert is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Heideman is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Chenevert, Whetzel, Stackhouse, and Heideman met at the charity car wash. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1244
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Novack is a lecturer. Gehringer is a bus driver. Plowman is a model. Zendejas is an optician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the design expo, Gehringer, Plowman, Novack, and Zendejas ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1245
Huizenga is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Schnoor is a traffic warden. Martinezlopez is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Oliveros is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the theater festival, Huizenga, Martinezlopez, Schnoor, and Oliveros met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1246
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Martone is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Suzuki is a traffic warden. Shewmaker is an optician. Coghlan is a hairdresser. Suzuki, Shewmaker, Coghlan, and Martone met at the school reunion. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1247
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Billups is a chef. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Byrom is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Walrath is a factory worker. Ferrel is a stocking associate. At the hotel, Walrath, Billups, Ferrel, and Byrom connected. The other beverages served here are ok. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1248
Woodland is a hairdresser. Talkington is an optician. Petrie is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Retzlaff is a nurse. At the business expo, Petrie, Talkington, Woodland, and Retzlaff started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1249
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hagedorn is a newsreader. Eash is a traffic warden. Metcalf is a lecturer. Donohue is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the group vacation, Metcalf, Hagedorn, Eash, and Donohue met. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1250
Karch is a hairdresser. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Horvat is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Duck is a model. Reddington is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the specialty retail store, Reddington, Karch, Duck, and Horvat connected. The market is divided into sub-markets. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1251
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Petre is a chef. Lerch is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Salzer is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Forney is a plumber. At the cooking class, Forney, Lerch, Salzer, and Petre connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1252
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gooch is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Ferreyra is a traffic warden. Moton is a bus driver. Hardt is a nurse. At the dance class, Gooch, Ferreyra, Moton, and Hardt met. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1253
Enger is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Chatterjee is a lifeguard. Hittle is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Walkup is a model. Enger, Walkup, Chatterjee, and Hittle met at the grocery store. The market is a big source of income for many people. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1254
Stanback is a nurse. Gonzalez is a dentist. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Lavallee is a model. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mcnealy is a chef. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the hotel, Lavallee, Stanback, Mcnealy, and Gonzalez ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1255
Durr is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Armer is a plumber. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Dearborn is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bushman is a stocking associate. At the design expo, Dearborn, Armer, Durr, and Bushman ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1256
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Eichhorn is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gerber is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Ebron is a bus driver. Shows is a newsreader. At the open mic night, Shows, Ebron, Eichhorn, and Gerber ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1257
Peak is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Muncy is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Watts is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Campana is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Peak, Muncy, Watts, and Campana met at the cafe. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. They reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1258
Pack is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wildermuth is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Melillo is a plumber. Cannella is a factory worker. At the cooking class, Pack, Melillo, Wildermuth, and Cannella started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1259
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Pauly is a teacher. Mclemore is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Shoop is a mechanic. Delreal is a carpenter. At the business expo, Mclemore, Pauly, Shoop, and Delreal ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1260
Bark is a dentist. Rohloff is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mungia is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Beerman is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the wedding, Beerman, Bark, Mungia, and Rohloff started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1261
Rieder is a model. Serafini is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Titsworth is a lecturer. Sorrentino is a plumber. At the commuter bus, Rieder, Sorrentino, Serafini, and Titsworth met. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1262
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bombard is a chef. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Read is a mechanic. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Lipe is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Oo is a dentist. At the house party, Bombard, Read, Lipe, and Oo ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1263
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Venters is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mclemore is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Colligan is a nurse. Dubon is a hairdresser. At the specialty retail store, Dubon, Colligan, Mclemore, and Venters started a conversation. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. Ze reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1264
Camejo is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Beckwith is a dentist. Guernsey is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Geis is a plumber. At the party, Guernsey, Camejo, Beckwith, and Geis ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1265
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Adames is a chef. Holliman is a dentist. Fowles is a plumber. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Gillum is a teacher. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Holliman, Adames, Fowles, and Gillum met at the gallery opening event. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1266
Bargas is a newsreader. Shoop is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pettway is a dentist. Jinks is an electrician. At the restaurant, Shoop, Pettway, Jinks, and Bargas started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1267
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Troupe is a traffic warden. Dunn is a lifeguard. Poston is a model. Lind is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the beach, Dunn, Troupe, Lind, and Poston connected. The beach is filled with people. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1268
Colonna is a carpenter. Mittal is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Swartz is a chef. Lenahan is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the grocery store, Swartz, Colonna, Mittal, and Lenahan ran into each other. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1269
Saenz is an accountant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Claassen is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hagstrom is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gupta is a traffic warden. At the dog park, Claassen, Hagstrom, Saenz, and Gupta connected. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1270
Grice is a plumber. Haug is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Grajeda is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Thornsberry is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the dog park, Grice, Thornsberry, Haug, and Grajeda connected. The park is very peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1271
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Marx is a carpenter. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Michaels is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Maes is a model. Ham is a plumber. At the grocery store, Ham, Michaels, Marx, and Maes met. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1272
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Chalfant is a carpenter. Rist is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Thiele is a bus driver. Fujimoto is a chef. At the specialty retail store, Thiele, Chalfant, Rist, and Fujimoto connected. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1273
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cassara is a newsreader. Windom is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pinon is a traffic warden. Lofland is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the music festival, Cassara, Lofland, Windom, and Pinon connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1274
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Miyamoto is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Markland is a traffic warden. Gilson is a teacher. Courter is a newsreader. Markland, Gilson, Courter, and Miyamoto met at the retreat. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1275
Kurland is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Brashear is a dentist. Lesser is a factory worker. Henrichs is an accountant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the dance class, Brashear, Kurland, Lesser, and Henrichs met. Classes teach new things every week. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1276
Bolen is a plumber. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Shutt is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Buckmaster is a teacher. Giberson is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the music festival, Bolen, Buckmaster, Giberson, and Shutt started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1277
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Reisman is a stocking associate. Marsh is an accountant. Lipton is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Cerritos is a traffic warden. At the bar crawl, Lipton, Cerritos, Marsh, and Reisman met. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1278
Heiss is a stocking associate. Cobble is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ruggles is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Swiatek is a factory worker. At the cigar bar, Heiss, Ruggles, Swiatek, and Cobble ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1279
Foye is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Culwell is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kamp is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Halcomb is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the beach, Culwell, Kamp, Halcomb, and Foye met. There is another side of the ocean, in the form of a beach known as a' Pill Road'. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1280
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Dimatteo is a lifeguard. Simonsen is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Henriksen is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Housel is a lecturer. At the cafe, Dimatteo, Housel, Simonsen, and Henriksen ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. Ze reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1281
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Casas is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wasik is a model. Villamil is a plumber. Vos is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the music festival, Casas, Vos, Villamil, and Wasik connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1282
Leos is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hiett is a plumber. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mcpartland is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wyckoff is an optician. At the school reunion, Mcpartland, Hiett, Leos, and Wyckoff connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1283
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mikesell is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Caperton is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bacon is a factory worker. Hopp is an optician. Caperton, Hopp, Bacon, and Mikesell met at the restaurant. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1284
Loera is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Simonson is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Wyss is a factory worker. Kelemen is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the specialty retail store, Kelemen, Simonson, Wyss, and Loera connected. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1285
Herrell is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Alderete is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Woolford is a lifeguard. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Dussault is a nurse. Herrell, Woolford, Alderete, and Dussault met at the dog park. The birds are wild and hungry! She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1286
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Matis is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Lall is a carpenter. Defreitas is a plumber. Merida is a lifeguard. Defreitas, Matis, Merida, and Lall met at the bar crawl. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1287
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Simonson is a factory worker. Murley is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Denson is a teacher. Crook is a model. At the food and drink festival, Crook, Denson, Simonson, and Murley met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1288
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Fernald is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hildebrand is a mechanic. Musial is a plumber. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Grams is a chef. At the group vacation, Fernald, Grams, Musial, and Hildebrand connected. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1289
Castrejon is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mccree is a traffic warden. Alber is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Shoop is a model. At the theater festival, Castrejon, Mccree, Alber, and Shoop started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1290
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Deramus is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bardales is a factory worker. Lafleur is an optician. Forde is a mechanic. At the open mic night, Lafleur, Forde, Deramus, and Bardales met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1291
Vallone is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Shavers is a stocking associate. Barta is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Hair is a chef. At the bar crawl, Barta, Hair, Vallone, and Shavers connected. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1292
Garza is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Latona is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mehta is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Aurand is a plumber. At the subway, Latona, Garza, Aurand, and Mehta connected. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1293
Stanek is a model. Buresh is a nurse. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Ruff is a labourer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Coons is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the cooking class, Coons, Buresh, Stanek, and Ruff started a conversation. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1294
Biondo is a model. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Gravley is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Worley is a carpenter. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Winch is a bus driver. At the specialty retail store, Worley, Gravley, Biondo, and Winch started a conversation. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1295
Eastwood is a bus driver. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Natoli is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lines is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sidebottom is a newsreader. At the group vacation, Sidebottom, Lines, Eastwood, and Natoli started a conversation. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1296
Mcnelly is a traffic warden. Sellers is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Weinberg is an accountant. Geier is a teacher. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the business expo, Mcnelly, Sellers, Weinberg, and Geier met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1297
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hudgins is an optician. Zawacki is a lifeguard. Lesure is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Abshire is a bus driver. At the local talk, Zawacki, Hudgins, Abshire, and Lesure met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1298
Keels is a factory worker. Mellen is a nurse. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Steveson is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bartels is an optician. At the group vacation, Steveson, Bartels, Keels, and Mellen started a conversation. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1299
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mcmanus is a plumber. Dey is a labourer. Abramson is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Wolfson is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the halloweeen party, Mcmanus, Wolfson, Abramson, and Dey ran into each other. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1300
Poteat is a stocking associate. Goodall is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pritts is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Scearce is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the design expo, Pritts, Scearce, Goodall, and Poteat ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1301
Lastra is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Grajeda is a nurse. Fanning is a model. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Benfield is a dentist. At the grocery store, Lastra, Fanning, Benfield, and Grajeda met. Markets are full of surprises! They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1302
Ferrer is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Veltri is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Maysonet is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Updike is an optician. At the bar, Ferrer, Veltri, Updike, and Maysonet met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1303
Esch is an optician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Cutting is a chef. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bargas is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Scheidt is a mechanic. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the boardwalk arcade, Cutting, Bargas, Scheidt, and Esch met. The games are a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1304
Riedel is an electrician. Zhao is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Beaudoin is a nurse. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Bellew is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the business expo, Beaudoin, Riedel, Zhao, and Bellew met. The event is still underway. They reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1305
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Trost is a carpenter. Harshman is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Benes is a factory worker. Fekete is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Trost, Fekete, Benes, and Harshman met at the dog park. The park is good. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1306
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Quijano is a traffic warden. Poore is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hoekstra is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Almaguer is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the halloweeen party, Quijano, Hoekstra, Almaguer, and Poore ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1307
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mayoral is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hamann is a labourer. Walrath is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rivard is a traffic warden. At the boardwalk arcade, Mayoral, Rivard, Walrath, and Hamann ran into each other. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1308
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Torok is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Giddens is a carpenter. Chipps is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Barcenas is a lecturer. At the restaurant, Torok, Barcenas, Giddens, and Chipps ran into each other. The coffee tastes good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1309
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Thong is an accountant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Fenley is a lifeguard. Modica is a stocking associate. Farrington is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the dance class, Farrington, Modica, Thong, and Fenley ran into each other. Classes are well organized. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1310
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Fussell is a chef. Pride is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hedlund is a lecturer. Fair is a bus driver. At the retreat, Fussell, Hedlund, Fair, and Pride connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1311
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Twyman is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Blatt is a bus driver. Woodruff is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Filler is an accountant. At the grocery store, Blatt, Filler, Woodruff, and Twyman met. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1312
Cornette is a factory worker. Schreiber is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Oros is a carpenter. Vos is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the cigar bar, Oros, Vos, Schreiber, and Cornette connected. It is a cool place to hang out. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1313
Kimmel is a chef. Reinhart is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gladstone is a model. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Castner is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the power yoga class, Gladstone, Kimmel, Castner, and Reinhart met. The class starts with a warm - up session. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1314
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bottorff is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Nemeth is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Scheffer is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Devoe is a labourer. At the holiday party, Scheffer, Nemeth, Bottorff, and Devoe ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1315
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Getz is a lifeguard. Height is a newsreader. Rote is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Groen is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rote, Groen, Height, and Getz met at the business expo. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1316
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Stearns is a model. Hinkle is a lifeguard. Schuett is a nurse. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Whitted is an optician. Whitted, Hinkle, Schuett, and Stearns met at the bar crawl. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. She told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1317
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hoekstra is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Vansickle is an electrician. Carleton is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stolte is a lecturer. At the theater festival, Carleton, Stolte, Vansickle, and Hoekstra connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1318
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Tryon is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sousa is a lifeguard. Nowlin is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Petrella is a factory worker. Petrella, Tryon, Sousa, and Nowlin met at the party. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1319
Mcdaniels is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Taliaferro is a stocking associate. Reinoso is a plumber. Hargrove is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the business expo, Taliaferro, Hargrove, Mcdaniels, and Reinoso met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1320
Horvath is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pita is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Loesch is a bus driver. Tryon is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Horvath, Loesch, Pita, and Tryon met at the bar crawl. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1321
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Seman is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Yorke is a carpenter. Henze is a stocking associate. Kehr is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the cafe, Kehr, Henze, Seman, and Yorke ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1322
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Xiao is a lifeguard. Nunnery is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mederos is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hipps is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the cigar bar, Xiao, Hipps, Nunnery, and Mederos ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1323
Partlow is a stocking associate. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Matteson is a model. Higginbotham is a hairdresser. Eger is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Partlow, Matteson, Higginbotham, and Eger met at the cafe. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1324
Creswell is a factory worker. Roybal is a mechanic. Bobbitt is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Sano is a lifeguard. At the theater festival, Bobbitt, Roybal, Sano, and Creswell met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1325
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Karr is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Frates is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Brazeal is a lecturer. Cresswell is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the commuter bus, Frates, Cresswell, Brazeal, and Karr met. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1326
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Lent is an electrician. Esser is a newsreader. Keeling is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mickelsen is a lecturer. At the house party, Lent, Esser, Mickelsen, and Keeling started a conversation. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1327
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Couey is a dentist. Sarkisian is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Gomes is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gladstone is an accountant. At the local talk, Couey, Gladstone, Gomes, and Sarkisian started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1328
Loja is a chef. Aubuchon is a dentist. Swindell is a hairdresser. Kowal is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the dance class, Swindell, Kowal, Loja, and Aubuchon met. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1329
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pridgen is a factory worker. Woodhouse is a lecturer. Granda is a model. Christoffersen is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the restaurant, Christoffersen, Woodhouse, Pridgen, and Granda met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1330
Earley is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Delvecchio is a factory worker. Kensinger is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Kindel is a lecturer. At the hotel, Earley, Kindel, Delvecchio, and Kensinger started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1331
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mabie is a nurse. Ferri is a bus driver. Permenter is a stocking associate. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Blackstone is a model. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the school reunion, Permenter, Blackstone, Mabie, and Ferri connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1332
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Guadarrama is an accountant. Fretwell is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kissel is a dentist. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Willems is a teacher. At the food and drink festival, Willems, Fretwell, Guadarrama, and Kissel ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1333
Granville is an electrician. Sumter is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Rizo is a plumber. Corral is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the charity car wash, Rizo, Granville, Corral, and Sumter started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1334
Defelice is a traffic warden. Keese is an electrician. Castonguay is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cowgill is a newsreader. At the boardwalk arcade, Defelice, Keese, Castonguay, and Cowgill met. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1335
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Girardi is a mechanic. Abston is a newsreader. Armentrout is an optician. Szabo is a lecturer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the commuter bus, Abston, Armentrout, Girardi, and Szabo met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1336
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Cardoso is a bus driver. Ashbrook is a factory worker. Pearlman is an electrician. Hancock is a plumber. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the grocery store, Pearlman, Cardoso, Hancock, and Ashbrook ran into each other. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1337
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dimatteo is a newsreader. Foskey is a carpenter. Spalding is a lecturer. Wyche is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the party, Foskey, Wyche, Spalding, and Dimatteo started a conversation. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1338
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Armbrust is a factory worker. Toy is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Arriaza is a teacher. Click is a lifeguard. At the bar crawl, Arriaza, Click, Armbrust, and Toy started a conversation. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1339
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Nakashima is a newsreader. Dominguez is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Fordham is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Perezlopez is a plumber. At the group vacation, Dominguez, Nakashima, Perezlopez, and Fordham started a conversation. The tour is a very exciting one for fans in Japan. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1340
Kriss is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gowen is a lecturer. Zick is a plumber. Haigler is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the business expo, Kriss, Gowen, Zick, and Haigler ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1341
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Caprio is a model. Haji is a traffic warden. Ballinger is a chef. Fellows is an accountant. At the party, Haji, Fellows, Caprio, and Ballinger started a conversation. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1342
Worsley is a teacher. Ferri is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kot is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Lintner is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the school reunion, Worsley, Ferri, Kot, and Lintner started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1343
Castelli is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Brockman is an accountant. Borne is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Earls is a labourer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the gallery opening event, Brockman, Castelli, Earls, and Borne ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1344
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Pillai is a bus driver. Vivar is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Loya is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Mastrangelo is a traffic warden. At the book club, Mastrangelo, Pillai, Vivar, and Loya ran into each other. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. Ey reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1345
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mettler is a mechanic. Lahey is an accountant. Brazeal is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pauley is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the cafe, Mettler, Lahey, Brazeal, and Pauley met. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1346
Albano is a traffic warden. Summerville is a newsreader. Sanner is a carpenter. Benway is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the cooking class, Albano, Benway, Sanner, and Summerville met. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1347
Hammontree is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Vanderlaan is a lifeguard. Monk is a mechanic. Carnahan is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the business expo, Carnahan, Monk, Hammontree, and Vanderlaan met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1348
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Cornette is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rhoads is a dentist. Leal is a labourer. Trott is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the dog park, Trott, Rhoads, Leal, and Cornette ran into each other. The park is super crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1349
Talbert is a mechanic. Esch is a factory worker. Watters is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Bibbs is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the party, Talbert, Bibbs, Watters, and Esch ran into each other. The party is going to be full. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1350
Vaught is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Denn is a factory worker. Pita is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Thomasson is a dentist. At the bar crawl, Vaught, Pita, Thomasson, and Denn ran into each other. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1351
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Schwalm is a carpenter. Abernethy is a newsreader. Pitt is an optician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Remley is a lifeguard. At the open mic night, Schwalm, Abernethy, Pitt, and Remley met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1352
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Jeanjacques is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Gettys is a teacher. Knauss is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Amezcua is a factory worker. At the social community gathering, Amezcua, Knauss, Gettys, and Jeanjacques ran into each other. The place is very beautiful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1353
Gault is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Sell is a teacher. Duval is a carpenter. Greig is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the group vacation, Gault, Greig, Sell, and Duval started a conversation. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1354
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Bushee is a dentist. Bentz is a carpenter. Updike is a stocking associate. Yuhas is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the party, Updike, Bushee, Yuhas, and Bentz met. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1355
Driscoll is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Stanhope is a bus driver. Alger is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Alpizar is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Driscoll, Alpizar, Alger, and Stanhope met at the design expo. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1356
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Pawlik is a carpenter. Lejeune is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rector is a dentist. Poarch is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the grocery store, Poarch, Pawlik, Lejeune, and Rector connected. The market is a big source of income for many people. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1357
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Schnoor is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Digiacomo is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Carleton is a traffic warden. Scanlon is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the wedding, Carleton, Schnoor, Digiacomo, and Scanlon connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1358
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Wan is a mechanic. Sandlin is a bus driver. Buehler is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Aubuchon is a nurse. At the boardwalk arcade, Aubuchon, Sandlin, Buehler, and Wan connected. There is plenty of food to eat here. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1359
Brissette is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lopes is a traffic warden. Bottorff is a bus driver. Dauzat is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the theater festival, Brissette, Dauzat, Lopes, and Bottorff started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1360
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Delvecchio is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tapley is a carpenter. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Butt is a traffic warden. Mosby is a nurse. Mosby, Tapley, Delvecchio, and Butt met at the cafe. The place was crowded. Ze reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1361
Massenburg is a dentist. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Piland is a carpenter. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Borders is an accountant. Speights is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the party, Piland, Speights, Massenburg, and Borders ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1362
Hargrove is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Steinert is a newsreader. Grund is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Naquin is an electrician. At the cigar bar, Steinert, Grund, Hargrove, and Naquin connected. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1363
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gallion is a stocking associate. Dysart is a lecturer. Shen is a newsreader. Brotherton is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the subway, Brotherton, Shen, Gallion, and Dysart started a conversation. The public transports are public. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1364
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Remer is a bus driver. Salzer is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Knopp is an optician. Nalley is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the beach, Nalley, Knopp, Salzer, and Remer ran into each other. The beach is full of a sense of awe and awe - inspiring beauty. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1365
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Ferri is a teacher. Tindall is a model. Laughman is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Falzone is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the hotel, Ferri, Tindall, Laughman, and Falzone met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1366
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Byrum is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Jaros is a model. Niccum is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hopkins is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the bar crawl, Niccum, Hopkins, Jaros, and Byrum ran into each other. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. He told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1367
Hirsch is an accountant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Spies is a teacher. Gerace is a chef. Shuck is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the specialty retail store, Hirsch, Shuck, Spies, and Gerace started a conversation. Markets are full of surprises! They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1368
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Raabe is an accountant. Lowrie is a lifeguard. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Deckard is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Shivers is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Deckard, Raabe, Lowrie, and Shivers met at the open gallery museum. Earlier this year, the entrance to the museum was free. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1369
Aguinaga is a teacher. Hamby is an accountant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Nauman is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Maresca is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the gallery, Maresca, Nauman, Hamby, and Aguinaga connected. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1370
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stamey is a newsreader. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Quezada is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Vandyke is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Antley is a dentist. At the party, Stamey, Quezada, Antley, and Vandyke ran into each other. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. Ze told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1371
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hanks is a traffic warden. Ingles is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Schroer is a nurse. Kresge is a model. Hanks, Kresge, Schroer, and Ingles met at the business expo. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1372
Zapien is a lecturer. Bare is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Adames is a stocking associate. Gravley is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the school reunion, Zapien, Adames, Bare, and Gravley started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1373
Lumpkin is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Shubert is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Delima is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Demuth is an accountant. At the commuter bus, Shubert, Delima, Lumpkin, and Demuth connected. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1374
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Herrick is a labourer. Meiser is a lecturer. Chaisson is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Recker is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the cooking class, Herrick, Meiser, Chaisson, and Recker met. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1375
Tabron is a bus driver. Crotty is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lamotte is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Frick is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the group vacation, Lamotte, Crotty, Tabron, and Frick ran into each other. The tours showcase the different activities that people can do. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1376
Hinkle is a teacher. Almanza is a model. Scarboro is a newsreader. Vanvleet is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the retreat, Almanza, Hinkle, Vanvleet, and Scarboro connected. The party is going to be full. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1377
Oldaker is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Orta is a teacher. Digby is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gress is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the bar, Digby, Orta, Oldaker, and Gress connected. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. Ze reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1378
Buckman is a lecturer. Seaborn is a hairdresser. Moos is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Interiano is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the gallery, Buckman, Interiano, Seaborn, and Moos connected. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1379
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Buell is a lecturer. Kellogg is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Palomino is a chef. Modica is a hairdresser. At the house party, Palomino, Kellogg, Modica, and Buell met. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1380
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Renick is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gerner is a bus driver. Markham is an electrician. Wysong is a lifeguard. At the specialty retail store, Wysong, Renick, Markham, and Gerner met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1381
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Roh is a bus driver. Hageman is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Michalowski is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Tanguay is a lecturer. Hageman, Tanguay, Roh, and Michalowski met at the holiday party. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1382
Turcotte is a labourer. Dickenson is a model. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bartek is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Durocher is an accountant. At the bar crawl, Durocher, Bartek, Dickenson, and Turcotte connected. Tours show all the important places in a city. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1383
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Eckenrode is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Gilley is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Binion is a teacher. Wolfram is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the party, Eckenrode, Binion, Gilley, and Wolfram started a conversation. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1384
Graybill is an accountant. Kibbe is a plumber. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Coover is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lampert is an electrician. At the dog park, Coover, Kibbe, Lampert, and Graybill connected. The park is very green and refreshing. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1385
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Fly is a hairdresser. Kerber is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Lawrie is a mechanic. Huckaby is a dentist. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the group vacation, Huckaby, Lawrie, Fly, and Kerber met. In a tour, people just grab a ticket and sit beside an excited tourist! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1386
Alber is a plumber. Fillmore is a dentist. Lyall is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Horrocks is a lecturer. At the power yoga class, Horrocks, Fillmore, Alber, and Lyall met. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1387
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Towne is an optician. Choquette is a plumber. Andrzejewski is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Tabron is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Andrzejewski, Tabron, Choquette, and Towne met at the music festival. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1388
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Parmelee is a mechanic. Creager is a bus driver. Hoerner is a stocking associate. Bethke is a chef. At the cooking class, Parmelee, Hoerner, Creager, and Bethke met. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1389
Heinze is a bus driver. Pender is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Dubon is an accountant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bang is an optician. At the wedding, Dubon, Bang, Heinze, and Pender started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1390
Dunlap is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Banerjee is a stocking associate. Phares is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hoose is an electrician. Dunlap, Hoose, Phares, and Banerjee met at the bar. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1391
Brabham is a dentist. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kratzer is a plumber. Smead is a carpenter. Updike is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the local talk, Smead, Updike, Kratzer, and Brabham ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1392
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Lefler is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mehaffey is a nurse. Neace is a labourer. Peach is a factory worker. At the school reunion, Peach, Neace, Lefler, and Mehaffey started a conversation. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1393
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Rosenberry is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Thrift is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Orta is a chef. Campuzano is a mechanic. At the party, Orta, Thrift, Campuzano, and Rosenberry met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1394
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dunbar is a newsreader. Farrer is a labourer. Chilson is a carpenter. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Corson is an optician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the book club, Chilson, Farrer, Corson, and Dunbar met. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1395
Merriman is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Boesch is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Vanbrunt is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Frahm is a mechanic. At the school reunion, Merriman, Frahm, Boesch, and Vanbrunt started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1396
Gast is a plumber. Cribb is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Brisson is a chef. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Brandel is a model. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the gallery opening event, Brisson, Brandel, Cribb, and Gast connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1397
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Blick is a chef. Zendejas is a bus driver. Fuentez is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Escarcega is a newsreader. At the commuter bus, Blick, Fuentez, Zendejas, and Escarcega met. Public transports are affordable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1398
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hedlund is a newsreader. Mccafferty is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rehm is a lecturer. Alarcon is an electrician. At the subway, Mccafferty, Rehm, Hedlund, and Alarcon ran into each other. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1399
Brott is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mote is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Goldfarb is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Holter is an electrician. At the gallery, Goldfarb, Holter, Mote, and Brott connected. Museums have free exhibitions. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1400
Doolittle is a lifeguard. Naik is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Leavy is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hagerty is a stocking associate. Doolittle, Hagerty, Leavy, and Naik met at the hotel. The food here is very tasty. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1401
Vacca is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Nordman is a dentist. Koning is an electrician. Kenworthy is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Vacca, Nordman, Koning, and Kenworthy met at the boardwalk arcade. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1402
Rutz is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Belew is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Nosal is a carpenter. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Howells is a model. At the boardwalk arcade, Belew, Nosal, Howells, and Rutz ran into each other. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1403
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Wafer is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Preiss is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Haug is a mechanic. Billups is a stocking associate. At the school reunion, Billups, Wafer, Preiss, and Haug met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1404
Tuck is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Stockard is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Vanvleet is a teacher. Benfield is a labourer. At the retreat, Benfield, Vanvleet, Tuck, and Stockard started a conversation. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1405
Dicken is a chef. Wind is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Devito is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Ehrhart is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the house party, Devito, Ehrhart, Wind, and Dicken started a conversation. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1406
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Quijada is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Mcguirk is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pathak is an electrician. Shih is a stocking associate. At the restaurant, Shih, Mcguirk, Quijada, and Pathak connected. The place is nice. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1407
Sonnier is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gainey is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Buhl is a factory worker. Holiman is an accountant. At the open mic night, Buhl, Gainey, Sonnier, and Holiman met. It is open to the public. They reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1408
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lair is a newsreader. Hirst is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mcgrath is an electrician. Filler is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the open gallery museum, Mcgrath, Filler, Hirst, and Lair met. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1409
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Iorio is a chef. Weng is a carpenter. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Gilmartin is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sailer is a dentist. At the cigar bar, Weng, Iorio, Sailer, and Gilmartin started a conversation. The coffee tea is great. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1410
Henze is a nurse. Esslinger is an electrician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Shewmaker is a hairdresser. Duclos is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the open gallery museum, Esslinger, Duclos, Shewmaker, and Henze connected. In the museum there are paintings and paintings of people's lives. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1411
Sloss is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Portwood is a labourer. Beach is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Weinberg is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the local talk, Sloss, Weinberg, Portwood, and Beach started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1412
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Christensen is a dentist. Tew is a hairdresser. Defelice is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Ozuna is a nurse. At the local talk, Defelice, Christensen, Tew, and Ozuna met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1413
Core is a hairdresser. Stpeter is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Uecker is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Biddle is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the house party, Core, Stpeter, Uecker, and Biddle met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1414
Dickerson is a labourer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dobson is an accountant. Sugg is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Fye is a carpenter. Fye, Dickerson, Dobson, and Sugg met at the power yoga class. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1415
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Estevez is a dentist. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sams is a teacher. Dines is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Wysong is a plumber. At the house party, Dines, Wysong, Estevez, and Sams met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1416
Fullerton is a teacher. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Parsons is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Currence is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Elzey is an optician. At the social community gathering, Parsons, Elzey, Currence, and Fullerton connected. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1417
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Banerjee is a hairdresser. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Sidebottom is a mechanic. Deshazo is a chef. Sain is a traffic warden. Sain, Sidebottom, Deshazo, and Banerjee met at the bar crawl. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1418
Couey is a newsreader. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Knorr is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Gupta is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Donohue is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the party, Couey, Donohue, Gupta, and Knorr started a conversation. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1419
Watts is a stocking associate. Monteiro is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Woolsey is a hairdresser. Kang is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the dance class, Kang, Watts, Monteiro, and Woolsey ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1420
Mcgahey is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lutz is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hodnett is a chef. Blosser is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the business expo, Lutz, Blosser, Hodnett, and Mcgahey connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1421
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pellegrino is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Coan is a factory worker. Sandman is a traffic warden. Mcevoy is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the open mic night, Mcevoy, Sandman, Pellegrino, and Coan started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1422
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Selph is a chef. Sedgwick is a nurse. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Permenter is a traffic warden. Vanzant is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the specialty retail store, Vanzant, Selph, Sedgwick, and Permenter started a conversation. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1423
Backman is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dangerfield is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Holston is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Eckler is a labourer. At the theater festival, Dangerfield, Eckler, Holston, and Backman ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1424
Troupe is a plumber. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kaczor is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Leverette is a model. Campfield is an accountant. At the design expo, Kaczor, Leverette, Campfield, and Troupe connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1425
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rhinehart is a nurse. Bakken is a plumber. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bond is a model. Maxey is a teacher. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the commuter bus, Bakken, Maxey, Rhinehart, and Bond met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1426
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Morrisey is a chef. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Fetzer is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Wichman is an accountant. Shamburger is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the commuter bus, Fetzer, Wichman, Shamburger, and Morrisey ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1427
Adame is a teacher. Zehnder is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Holcombe is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Lindgren is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the school reunion, Adame, Zehnder, Lindgren, and Holcombe connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1428
Braddy is a lifeguard. Dickerson is a lecturer. Coppola is a dentist. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Thedford is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Coppola, Dickerson, Braddy, and Thedford met at the charity car wash. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1429
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Bridgman is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Selle is a traffic warden. Wadkins is a plumber. Hilaire is a model. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the holiday party, Selle, Wadkins, Bridgman, and Hilaire connected. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1430
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Atherton is an electrician. Talbot is an accountant. Grasso is a lecturer. Grunewald is a plumber. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the dog park, Talbot, Atherton, Grunewald, and Grasso ran into each other. We have some nice white rabbits here too. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1431
Lonergan is an electrician. Black is a chef. Schumann is a traffic warden. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Novack is a model. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the group vacation, Black, Novack, Schumann, and Lonergan started a conversation. Tours help one discover the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1432
Norden is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Freeborn is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Dealba is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Auten is a lifeguard. At the holiday party, Norden, Dealba, Auten, and Freeborn met. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1433
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hasegawa is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Whited is a bus driver. Christensen is a chef. Maselli is a mechanic. At the holiday party, Hasegawa, Maselli, Christensen, and Whited started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1434
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Wild is a labourer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Scanlon is a chef. Fiala is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Gault is a hairdresser. Scanlon, Wild, Gault, and Fiala met at the dog park. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1435
Dalby is a hairdresser. Hammontree is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Donohue is a newsreader. Hopp is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the dog park, Hopp, Dalby, Hammontree, and Donohue started a conversation. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1436
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Crump is a stocking associate. Bae is a labourer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcmichael is a nurse. Armitage is a traffic warden. At the grocery store, Armitage, Mcmichael, Bae, and Crump connected. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1437
Arms is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Enlow is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kersh is a factory worker. Liotta is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the hotel, Kersh, Liotta, Enlow, and Arms started a conversation. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1438
Hoover is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Benford is a carpenter. Salamone is a plumber. Hesser is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the cooking class, Benford, Hesser, Hoover, and Salamone ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1439
Gettys is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Lundeen is a factory worker. Sall is a labourer. Nosal is a hairdresser. At the music festival, Sall, Gettys, Nosal, and Lundeen ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1440
Otwell is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Killion is a mechanic. Jorgenson is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Donahoe is a stocking associate. Killion, Donahoe, Otwell, and Jorgenson met at the gallery. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1441
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mahr is a nurse. Frison is an accountant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Harrill is a plumber. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Childs is a chef. At the restaurant, Childs, Harrill, Mahr, and Frison ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1442
Annunziata is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Guilbeau is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Karras is an accountant. Cauley is a plumber. Cauley, Karras, Annunziata, and Guilbeau met at the dog park. The park has a running track. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1443
Ramires is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hoerner is a bus driver. Leist is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Roop is an electrician. At the open gallery museum, Ramires, Hoerner, Leist, and Roop met. It is nice to visit the ruins of ancient cities mentioned there. These are very unique places, and museums have to give us some special insight. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1444
Babich is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Halpern is an electrician. Detweiler is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Griffey is a mechanic. Babich, Detweiler, Halpern, and Griffey met at the business expo. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1445
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Heim is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Binford is a labourer. Flack is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Oyer is a hairdresser. At the school reunion, Oyer, Heim, Flack, and Binford started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1446
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gossard is a dentist. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bravo is a model. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Donahoe is a traffic warden. Astacio is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the holiday party, Bravo, Gossard, Donahoe, and Astacio connected. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1447
Sell is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Lyles is a chef. Seo is a dentist. Gula is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the cigar bar, Seo, Lyles, Gula, and Sell ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1448
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Rohde is a chef. Mchugh is a bus driver. Licari is a hairdresser. Steverson is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the holiday party, Mchugh, Steverson, Licari, and Rohde connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1449
Benner is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Endicott is an accountant. Lamantia is a traffic warden. Fenster is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the gallery opening event, Endicott, Benner, Fenster, and Lamantia ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1450
Geissler is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Weiser is a stocking associate. Pidgeon is a lifeguard. Maslowski is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Maslowski, Pidgeon, Geissler, and Weiser met at the charity car wash. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1451
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wolfenbarger is a mechanic. Delay is a teacher. Marquardt is a dentist. Goehring is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the grocery store, Wolfenbarger, Delay, Goehring, and Marquardt ran into each other. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1452
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Albano is a mechanic. Moorhouse is a chef. Junker is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cedeno is a lecturer. At the retreat, Cedeno, Junker, Albano, and Moorhouse started a conversation. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1453
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Szabo is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Earley is a mechanic. Keck is a factory worker. Hanlin is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the cigar bar, Szabo, Hanlin, Keck, and Earley started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1454
Drozd is a traffic warden. Stines is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Clymer is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Vanover is a teacher. At the wedding, Stines, Clymer, Drozd, and Vanover met. A large number of people attend these events. They reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1455
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Chavira is a teacher. Ivery is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Dufour is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hawks is an optician. At the restaurant, Ivery, Dufour, Hawks, and Chavira connected. The coffee tea is great. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1456
Serafini is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Luman is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Antley is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Capasso is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the boardwalk arcade, Serafini, Luman, Capasso, and Antley started a conversation. There are a few games that have an interesting feeling to them, such as the Olympics here and the Games for Men and Women. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1457
Costilla is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Roh is a bus driver. Zendejas is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hartwig is a nurse. Costilla, Roh, Hartwig, and Zendejas met at the commuter bus. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1458
Defreitas is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Aultman is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Byerly is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Duenas is a newsreader. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the hotel, Byerly, Defreitas, Duenas, and Aultman started a conversation. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1459
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Elzey is a hairdresser. Eckels is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Kicklighter is a chef. Gettys is a traffic warden. Kicklighter, Eckels, Gettys, and Elzey met at the food and drink festival. It is open to the public. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1460
Drozd is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mucha is a plumber. Brummitt is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Vanvoorhis is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the open gallery museum, Vanvoorhis, Mucha, Brummitt, and Drozd ran into each other. Museums are great places to learn about culture. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1461
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Horning is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Latona is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Nigro is a chef. Roe is a newsreader. At the cigar bar, Horning, Roe, Nigro, and Latona connected. The coffee cake is quite good. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1462
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Sizemore is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mustard is an optician. Hunn is a dentist. Cusick is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sizemore, Cusick, Hunn, and Mustard met at the design expo. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1463
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Porche is an electrician. Alderson is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Roseboro is a newsreader. Drewes is a traffic warden. At the bar crawl, Roseboro, Porche, Alderson, and Drewes met. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1464
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sylvestre is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Fredette is an accountant. Buch is a lecturer. Abboud is an electrician. At the business expo, Abboud, Fredette, Buch, and Sylvestre met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1465
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mcclusky is a plumber. Pillar is an optician. Soriano is a hairdresser. Siciliano is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the beach, Siciliano, Mcclusky, Soriano, and Pillar connected. The beach is very beautiful. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1466
Turek is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mckim is an accountant. Smithwick is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Durocher is a chef. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the specialty retail store, Durocher, Smithwick, Mckim, and Turek connected. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1467
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Alger is an accountant. Scheele is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Valenta is a mechanic. Escoto is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the food and drink festival, Scheele, Escoto, Alger, and Valenta ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1468
Gillman is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pagel is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bielecki is an accountant. Pasco is a factory worker. Pagel, Bielecki, Pasco, and Gillman met at the hotel. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1469
Crossley is a stocking associate. Casler is a hairdresser. Radcliff is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Mckim is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the charity car wash, Crossley, Mckim, Radcliff, and Casler connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1470
Manz is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Petro is a newsreader. Parry is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Abbasi is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the cooking class, Petro, Abbasi, Parry, and Manz met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1471
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mcnary is a stocking associate. Ussery is a factory worker. Oconner is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Sylvestre is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the cooking class, Ussery, Mcnary, Oconner, and Sylvestre met. This class has amazing outcomes. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1472
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Howton is a stocking associate. Wimbush is a teacher. Cassel is a labourer. Coss is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cassel, Coss, Howton, and Wimbush met at the beach. The beach is full of birds. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1473
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Glancy is a model. Farlow is a mechanic. Clauss is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Farquharson is a nurse. At the design expo, Farlow, Clauss, Farquharson, and Glancy met. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1474
Chirico is a teacher. Latour is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Archila is a chef. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Tolleson is a lecturer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the grocery store, Latour, Tolleson, Chirico, and Archila connected. Markets are usually crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1475
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Brehm is a model. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Broadus is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Peiffer is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Condra is a bus driver. Broadus, Peiffer, Brehm, and Condra met at the beach. The beach is filled with people. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1476
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bird is an accountant. Latimore is an electrician. Eckenrode is a model. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Spriggs is a lecturer. At the specialty retail store, Eckenrode, Bird, Latimore, and Spriggs connected. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1477
Seawright is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hesser is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Janicki is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Lyles is a nurse. At the bar, Hesser, Janicki, Lyles, and Seawright started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. They reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1478
Gholston is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Gagnon is a lecturer. Goldsmith is a carpenter. Hakes is a plumber. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the open gallery museum, Gagnon, Gholston, Goldsmith, and Hakes connected. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1479
Whitmore is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Farnham is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Vivar is a labourer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Reiser is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the specialty retail store, Whitmore, Farnham, Vivar, and Reiser connected. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1480
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Burchard is an optician. Shavers is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Alvizo is a newsreader. Arana is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the boardwalk arcade, Burchard, Shavers, Arana, and Alvizo connected. There is plenty of food to eat here. Ze reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1481
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hone is a teacher. Vitello is a bus driver. Arana is an optician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Solorzano is a newsreader. At the house party, Vitello, Hone, Solorzano, and Arana connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1482
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Weikel is a nurse. Downer is a factory worker. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Fenn is a newsreader. Pompey is a lifeguard. At the dance class, Weikel, Pompey, Downer, and Fenn met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1483
Cisneros is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Donohue is a plumber. Mahr is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Renick is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the gallery opening event, Mahr, Donohue, Cisneros, and Renick connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1484
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Landgraf is a nurse. Derr is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Simko is a lifeguard. Wilkin is a mechanic. Simko, Derr, Landgraf, and Wilkin met at the wedding. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1485
Mcmanus is a lifeguard. Euceda is a plumber. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Leal is a nurse. Ballou is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the gallery, Euceda, Leal, Ballou, and Mcmanus started a conversation. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1486
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mackin is a traffic warden. Firth is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gowdy is a teacher. Gallaway is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the house party, Mackin, Gowdy, Gallaway, and Firth started a conversation. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1487
Hosch is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Jarmon is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Littles is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gutowski is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the grocery store, Hosch, Gutowski, Littles, and Jarmon started a conversation. The market is a big source of income for many people. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1488
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Fujimoto is a plumber. Delaluz is a newsreader. Gulley is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bergin is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the design expo, Bergin, Delaluz, Fujimoto, and Gulley started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1489
Walkup is a plumber. Millsaps is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Wymer is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Culbreth is a labourer. At the party, Wymer, Walkup, Culbreth, and Millsaps started a conversation. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1490
Hom is a factory worker. Eisenhart is a lifeguard. Ngo is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Suresh is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the grocery store, Eisenhart, Ngo, Hom, and Suresh connected. The market is open to all genders and ages. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1491
Bolling is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Bayer is a mechanic. Grundy is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Keck is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the dog park, Keck, Grundy, Bayer, and Bolling ran into each other. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1492
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Brunt is an electrician. Kellerman is a lecturer. Hagans is a nurse. Fontes is an accountant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the gallery, Kellerman, Brunt, Hagans, and Fontes connected. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1493
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Dinatale is a nurse. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bastin is a teacher. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Kaczynski is a lifeguard. Keck is a lecturer. Bastin, Kaczynski, Keck, and Dinatale met at the boardwalk arcade. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1494
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Reddick is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Aultman is a hairdresser. Seery is a lifeguard. Keever is a nurse. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the local talk, Seery, Aultman, Reddick, and Keever connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1495
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Morphis is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Coniglio is a plumber. Hoffmeister is a labourer. Wong is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the wedding, Hoffmeister, Morphis, Coniglio, and Wong started a conversation. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1496
Gafford is an accountant. Pascarella is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Pellegrino is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Grajeda is a factory worker. At the wedding, Grajeda, Pascarella, Gafford, and Pellegrino started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1497
Skillman is an electrician. Meiser is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hanlin is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Haji is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Skillman, Haji, Hanlin, and Meiser met at the group vacation. In a foreign land, the first stop should always be a tour. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1498
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Burdick is an optician. Sons is an electrician. Buller is a lecturer. Mccollough is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the music festival, Mccollough, Buller, Burdick, and Sons connected. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1499
Tincher is an electrician. Claflin is a model. Eggleston is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Christiansen is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the local talk, Eggleston, Tincher, Claflin, and Christiansen ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1500
Krahn is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Irick is a carpenter. Proctor is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Zeigler is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the food and drink festival, Krahn, Irick, Zeigler, and Proctor connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1501
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Hagstrom is a hairdresser. Lohman is a lecturer. Xiong is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Sistrunk is a plumber. Hagstrom, Lohman, Sistrunk, and Xiong met at the design expo. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1502
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Renzi is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Vallejos is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lacour is a lifeguard. Keesler is a lecturer. At the grocery store, Vallejos, Renzi, Lacour, and Keesler connected. Markets are full of surprises! They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1503
Greenfield is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Nygaard is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Manzano is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Zazueta is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the school reunion, Zazueta, Greenfield, Manzano, and Nygaard ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1504
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Frisk is a mechanic. Garbutt is a factory worker. Harnden is an optician. Fryman is a teacher. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Harnden, Fryman, Garbutt, and Frisk met at the dance class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1505
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bettencourt is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hile is a mechanic. Lipps is a labourer. Helgeson is an optician. Lipps, Hile, Helgeson, and Bettencourt met at the school reunion. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1506
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Devall is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Lowrance is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cheesman is a labourer. Whitlatch is a plumber. At the bar, Lowrance, Cheesman, Whitlatch, and Devall connected. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1507
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lopezmartinez is a mechanic. Sewell is a lifeguard. Lawler is an accountant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mccay is a hairdresser. At the open gallery museum, Sewell, Mccay, Lawler, and Lopezmartinez ran into each other. Museums have free exhibitions. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1508
Parrott is a bus driver. Bugarin is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Current is a stocking associate. Egger is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the group vacation, Bugarin, Parrott, Egger, and Current ran into each other. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1509
Lebo is a hairdresser. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Kehr is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Engelhardt is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Farrelly is a model. At the party, Farrelly, Engelhardt, Kehr, and Lebo met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1510
Riddell is a newsreader. Henkle is a dentist. Felter is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Maker is a lifeguard. Riddell, Maker, Henkle, and Felter met at the subway. Public transportation will have increased transit times. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1511
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lejeune is a model. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Bellew is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Frison is a traffic warden. Benningfield is a labourer. Lejeune, Frison, Bellew, and Benningfield met at the commuter bus. The public buses are comfortable to ride. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1512
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Scarboro is an optician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Erazo is a dentist. Laforge is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mayor is a newsreader. Mayor, Laforge, Erazo, and Scarboro met at the cooking class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ey told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1513
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Odowd is a dentist. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Snider is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Nalley is a nurse. Cogswell is a carpenter. At the open mic night, Nalley, Odowd, Snider, and Cogswell met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1514
Torok is a plumber. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Inocencio is a stocking associate. Deguzman is a chef. Wardwell is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Inocencio, Wardwell, Deguzman, and Torok met at the cafe. The coffee tastes good. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1515
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Fuselier is a chef. Sikorski is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Makela is a teacher. Nesbitt is a lecturer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the group vacation, Makela, Fuselier, Nesbitt, and Sikorski connected. The tour is coming along in several interesting ways. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1516
Otwell is a dentist. Walsh is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Kang is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Arocha is a chef. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kang, Arocha, Otwell, and Walsh met at the cigar bar. The place is nice. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1517
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Callison is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Downard is an electrician. Unruh is a hairdresser. Simoes is a model. At the retreat, Downard, Simoes, Callison, and Unruh connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1518
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Stapp is a chef. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Oleary is a model. Prudencio is a hairdresser. Feingold is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the group vacation, Prudencio, Oleary, Feingold, and Stapp met. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1519
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Raye is a teacher. Scheele is a newsreader. Tippett is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Stlouis is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Scheele, Stlouis, Tippett, and Raye met at the open mic night. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1520
Boomer is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gaddis is a labourer. Brunt is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mcgirt is a dentist. At the music festival, Brunt, Boomer, Gaddis, and Mcgirt connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1521
Stroup is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Gerke is a mechanic. Kissel is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Charpentier is a dentist. At the power yoga class, Charpentier, Kissel, Gerke, and Stroup met. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1522
Holliman is a newsreader. Bown is a factory worker. Michener is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Cearley is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the specialty retail store, Bown, Michener, Cearley, and Holliman met. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1523
Heater is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Hammons is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Aikens is an optician. Pugsley is a carpenter. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Heater, Hammons, Aikens, and Pugsley met at the beach. The beach is very beautiful. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1524
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Yepes is a nurse. Hildebrand is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Fraga is a stocking associate. Weikel is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Fraga, Yepes, Weikel, and Hildebrand met at the bar crawl. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1525
Tapley is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bounds is a mechanic. Byrum is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Solberg is a stocking associate. At the charity car wash, Byrum, Bounds, Tapley, and Solberg ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1526
Tune is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Cuellar is a carpenter. Harrop is a hairdresser. Qi is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the bar crawl, Tune, Qi, Harrop, and Cuellar started a conversation. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1527
Buentello is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Quijano is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Kaser is a factory worker. Laferriere is a labourer. Kaser, Quijano, Laferriere, and Buentello met at the social community gathering. The place is very beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1528
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Settle is a traffic warden. Bulloch is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Hewlett is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Callis is a stocking associate. Callis, Hewlett, Bulloch, and Settle met at the beach. The beach is so warm and so peaceful that one does not need to hide. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1529
Jeanfrancois is a model. Ruder is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mcquay is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Rector is a bus driver. At the hotel, Ruder, Mcquay, Rector, and Jeanfrancois ran into each other. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1530
Claros is a bus driver. Applegate is an optician. Popa is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Tunnell is a labourer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the design expo, Tunnell, Popa, Claros, and Applegate met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1531
Vinyard is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Licari is an accountant. Cordova is an electrician. Shute is a chef. At the subway, Vinyard, Cordova, Shute, and Licari met. The public transports are public. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1532
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gladfelter is a lifeguard. Roh is an electrician. Nunnery is a model. Shows is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Nunnery, Roh, Shows, and Gladfelter met at the open gallery museum. The archives are used for the collection of some of the most famous treasures. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1533
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Sanjuan is a plumber. Sikorski is a mechanic. Lever is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Cirillo is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the school reunion, Sikorski, Lever, Sanjuan, and Cirillo started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1534
Lock is a stocking associate. Fouch is an accountant. Blose is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bennion is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the gallery opening event, Bennion, Lock, Blose, and Fouch connected. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1535
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Rector is an accountant. Loring is a factory worker. Skeen is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bhatia is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the bar, Bhatia, Loring, Rector, and Skeen ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. They reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1536
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Owenby is a lecturer. Arellanes is a plumber. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Cogswell is a teacher. Scudder is a model. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Owenby, Cogswell, Scudder, and Arellanes met at the grocery store. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1537
Bologna is a bus driver. Conatser is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Arenas is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Gowan is a hairdresser. Gowan, Bologna, Arenas, and Conatser met at the open gallery museum. Museums are great places to learn about culture. They reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1538
Grenier is a dentist. Hagemann is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcelhaney is a carpenter. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Tribble is a teacher. At the house party, Tribble, Hagemann, Grenier, and Mcelhaney connected. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1539
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hunziker is a newsreader. Stalling is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stamey is a stocking associate. Krogh is a teacher. At the specialty retail store, Krogh, Stamey, Stalling, and Hunziker met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1540
Sundberg is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Sylla is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Harrah is a lecturer. Iorio is an accountant. At the cafe, Sundberg, Iorio, Harrah, and Sylla connected. The beer is excellent. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1541
Christenson is a labourer. Earley is a lifeguard. Rasor is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Bardales is a hairdresser. At the open mic night, Christenson, Rasor, Bardales, and Earley met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1542
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Letcher is a nurse. Convery is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Toft is a factory worker. Musick is a teacher. At the subway, Letcher, Convery, Toft, and Musick met. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1543
Cordoba is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lauver is a labourer. Lopezmartinez is a lifeguard. Wulf is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the business expo, Wulf, Cordoba, Lauver, and Lopezmartinez started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1544
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Dunlap is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Chatterjee is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Balch is a stocking associate. Routt is a factory worker. At the business expo, Dunlap, Balch, Chatterjee, and Routt started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1545
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mccarter is a bus driver. Beall is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Haughey is a lifeguard. Eklund is a traffic warden. At the subway, Beall, Eklund, Mccarter, and Haughey met. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1546
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Talbot is a dentist. Stalcup is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcneal is a hairdresser. Rahimi is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the design expo, Mcneal, Talbot, Rahimi, and Stalcup ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1547
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Friedrichs is a mechanic. Ke is a traffic warden. Kurland is a labourer. Derr is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the house party, Derr, Ke, Kurland, and Friedrichs ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1548
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Abboud is a mechanic. Darwish is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Metts is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Casares is a stocking associate. At the local talk, Metts, Casares, Abboud, and Darwish started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1549
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Howley is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gerena is a lifeguard. Flesch is an electrician. Nigro is a mechanic. At the hotel, Nigro, Flesch, Gerena, and Howley started a conversation. It is a cool place to hang out. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1550
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Esh is a chef. Rexrode is a factory worker. Deatherage is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Stoltz is a hairdresser. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the group vacation, Rexrode, Stoltz, Deatherage, and Esh met. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1551
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Zapata is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Routt is a lecturer. Otey is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Czarnecki is a newsreader. At the halloweeen party, Routt, Czarnecki, Zapata, and Otey met. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1552
Mosier is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Coscia is a nurse. Ellman is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcgurk is an accountant. At the dog park, Ellman, Mcgurk, Coscia, and Mosier met. The park is super crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1553
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kuester is a lecturer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Huseman is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cavallo is a nurse. Leatherman is an optician. Huseman, Cavallo, Leatherman, and Kuester met at the house party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1554
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Boulton is a mechanic. Hardie is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Ehrhardt is a nurse. Falk is a chef. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the dog park, Falk, Boulton, Ehrhardt, and Hardie met. The park looks nice. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1555
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Fair is a labourer. Mosby is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Fitzwater is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Starbuck is a mechanic. At the grocery store, Starbuck, Mosby, Fair, and Fitzwater met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1556
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mcquay is a chef. Giffin is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Squires is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Peacock is a hairdresser. At the open mic night, Squires, Mcquay, Peacock, and Giffin started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1557
Siddiqui is a stocking associate. Vences is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Critchfield is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Abdo is a lifeguard. At the open gallery museum, Critchfield, Abdo, Siddiqui, and Vences connected. The museum has a history museum and also an aquarium. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1558
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Leadbetter is a stocking associate. Charron is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Poss is a hairdresser. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Esser is a newsreader. At the bar, Poss, Esser, Charron, and Leadbetter ran into each other. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1559
Reiman is a model. Ramires is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hipps is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Rosenquist is a lifeguard. Ramires, Hipps, Reiman, and Rosenquist met at the open gallery museum. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. Ey told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1560
Gier is a labourer. Linker is a teacher. Bickerstaff is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mcwilliams is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the retreat, Gier, Bickerstaff, Linker, and Mcwilliams met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1561
Helfrich is a dentist. Banister is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Rentz is a chef. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Ranck is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Rentz, Banister, Ranck, and Helfrich met at the book club. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1562
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Blundell is a carpenter. Walkup is a model. Sparling is an accountant. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mannion is a plumber. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the wedding, Mannion, Sparling, Walkup, and Blundell ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1563
Desjardins is a carpenter. Critchfield is a stocking associate. Pankow is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bieker is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the gallery opening event, Critchfield, Bieker, Pankow, and Desjardins started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1564
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nissen is a newsreader. Desjardins is a model. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Dowell is a traffic warden. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Delima is a mechanic. At the hotel, Dowell, Nissen, Delima, and Desjardins ran into each other. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1565
Labonte is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Creswell is a nurse. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Wendt is an accountant. Dorfman is a mechanic. Dorfman, Wendt, Creswell, and Labonte met at the group vacation. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. They reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1566
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Alvizo is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Maule is a labourer. Helms is an optician. Midgley is a factory worker. At the grocery store, Maule, Alvizo, Helms, and Midgley ran into each other. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1567
Christofferson is a plumber. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Summerall is a model. Janowski is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Collum is a teacher. At the commuter bus, Janowski, Collum, Summerall, and Christofferson connected. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1568
Culhane is a teacher. Lacher is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mikesell is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Schick is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the party, Schick, Lacher, Culhane, and Mikesell started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1569
Hymes is a dentist. Hobart is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Haws is a factory worker. Cothern is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the bar, Hobart, Cothern, Haws, and Hymes connected. The place was crowded. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1570
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Halter is a mechanic. Benavides is a newsreader. Krell is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Clower is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the wedding, Krell, Benavides, Halter, and Clower started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1571
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Hinshaw is a stocking associate. Lovett is a dentist. Lunceford is a lifeguard. Maglione is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the book club, Maglione, Lovett, Lunceford, and Hinshaw connected. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. Ze told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1572
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hampson is a stocking associate. Cordoba is an accountant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Forehand is a carpenter. Vetter is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the dog park, Cordoba, Forehand, Vetter, and Hampson ran into each other. The park has a lot of gardens. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1573
Sever is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Buske is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Emmons is an accountant. Estell is a stocking associate. Estell, Buske, Sever, and Emmons met at the hotel. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1574
Vickers is a bus driver. Alejandre is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Wilkin is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Coffman is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the retreat, Wilkin, Coffman, Vickers, and Alejandre started a conversation. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1575
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Reardon is a newsreader. Bartee is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Warr is a mechanic. Knebel is a teacher. At the halloweeen party, Knebel, Bartee, Reardon, and Warr met. The party is free entry for everyone. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1576
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Tinney is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gillman is a model. Mccarroll is a plumber. Mcghee is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the book club, Gillman, Tinney, Mccarroll, and Mcghee connected. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1577
Tischler is a nurse. Mcevoy is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Riggle is a chef. Lepley is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the hotel, Lepley, Mcevoy, Riggle, and Tischler ran into each other. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1578
Wilmes is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Purdy is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Fendley is a hairdresser. Schauer is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the halloweeen party, Schauer, Wilmes, Purdy, and Fendley met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1579
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Desrochers is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Dougan is a traffic warden. Moldenhauer is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mungia is a chef. At the open mic night, Dougan, Mungia, Desrochers, and Moldenhauer met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1580
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gingerich is a teacher. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Classen is an electrician. Gowen is a dentist. Nygaard is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the holiday party, Nygaard, Gingerich, Classen, and Gowen started a conversation. The party is free entry for everyone. They reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1581
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Helgeson is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Trahan is a lecturer. Wimer is a labourer. Luckey is a nurse. At the gallery, Helgeson, Luckey, Trahan, and Wimer started a conversation. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1582
Barthel is a plumber. Cochran is a hairdresser. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rodgers is an optician. Grange is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the boardwalk arcade, Rodgers, Barthel, Grange, and Cochran started a conversation. A lot of games have many different endings. They reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1583
Alger is a carpenter. Faherty is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Simkins is a newsreader. Willms is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the halloweeen party, Willms, Simkins, Alger, and Faherty met. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1584
Vandeusen is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Kawamoto is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hinkel is a teacher. Bossert is an accountant. At the business expo, Hinkel, Kawamoto, Bossert, and Vandeusen met. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1585
Albarran is a hairdresser. Keister is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Panzer is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Diemer is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the house party, Keister, Albarran, Diemer, and Panzer ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1586
Hertzog is a stocking associate. Rizzo is a mechanic. Heideman is a chef. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Putman is a carpenter. At the local talk, Hertzog, Rizzo, Putman, and Heideman started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1587
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Earley is a nurse. Heimbach is a chef. Spada is a dentist. Bhatia is a stocking associate. Bhatia, Heimbach, Spada, and Earley met at the boardwalk arcade. There is a lot of space to play games here. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1588
Vose is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Kettler is a plumber. Tansey is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mannon is a teacher. Kettler, Mannon, Vose, and Tansey met at the hotel. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1589
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Salyers is a dentist. Leos is an electrician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Cobb is a nurse. Reinbold is a lifeguard. At the party, Reinbold, Cobb, Leos, and Salyers connected. The party is free entry for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1590
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sistrunk is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Birdwell is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dickerson is a newsreader. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Cortinas is an optician. At the cigar bar, Cortinas, Dickerson, Sistrunk, and Birdwell ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1591
Countryman is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Seddon is a lifeguard. Seitz is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Greeno is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the food and drink festival, Seitz, Seddon, Greeno, and Countryman connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1592
Kellum is a traffic warden. Nicks is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Borne is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bush is a chef. Nicks, Borne, Bush, and Kellum met at the social community gathering. The place is very beautiful. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1593
Brunt is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Zarco is a dentist. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Sylla is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Rembert is a bus driver. At the power yoga class, Rembert, Brunt, Sylla, and Zarco met. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1594
Bianco is a traffic warden. Shurtz is a mechanic. Soohoo is a plumber. Zirkle is a model. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the theater festival, Shurtz, Bianco, Soohoo, and Zirkle connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1595
Petrick is a lecturer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Eriksen is a traffic warden. Swan is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Laporta is a dentist. Swan, Eriksen, Petrick, and Laporta met at the book club. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1596
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Jeong is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Balbuena is a newsreader. Talbott is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Street is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the hotel, Street, Jeong, Balbuena, and Talbott started a conversation. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1597
Jimenez is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Jobes is a model. Phan is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Bernstein is a mechanic. At the social community gathering, Phan, Jimenez, Jobes, and Bernstein met. The community has an open kitchen. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1598
Raymer is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Mcintire is a factory worker. Bibby is a labourer. Dorey is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the boardwalk arcade, Raymer, Bibby, Mcintire, and Dorey met. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1599
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Viens is a teacher. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bohannon is an electrician. Bacher is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Willman is a carpenter. At the theater festival, Willman, Viens, Bohannon, and Bacher started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1600
Sifuentes is an electrician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Culley is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Joyner is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Rasor is a labourer. Culley, Sifuentes, Joyner, and Rasor met at the social community gathering. It is a place of faith. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1601
Passalacqua is an accountant. Evenson is a factory worker. Deere is a lecturer. Hammitt is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the open mic night, Evenson, Passalacqua, Hammitt, and Deere ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1602
Fuselier is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Mathewson is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Soderberg is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Dines is a carpenter. At the commuter bus, Fuselier, Mathewson, Dines, and Soderberg connected. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1603
Kassab is a traffic warden. Beedle is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Silverman is an electrician. Ohearn is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the gallery, Ohearn, Silverman, Kassab, and Beedle connected. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1604
Ladner is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Carlock is a newsreader. Poston is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Bjork is an electrician. Bjork, Ladner, Carlock, and Poston met at the grocery store. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1605
Herrick is an electrician. Ruble is an accountant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Helgeson is a mechanic. Vannoy is a newsreader. At the retreat, Herrick, Helgeson, Vannoy, and Ruble met. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1606
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Garnica is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mantilla is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcnealy is a dentist. Killough is a teacher. Mcnealy, Mantilla, Garnica, and Killough met at the specialty retail store. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1607
Eickhoff is a stocking associate. Kao is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Callis is an electrician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Im is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the halloweeen party, Callis, Kao, Im, and Eickhoff started a conversation. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1608
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Height is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Bermeo is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Schweizer is an electrician. Hudock is a stocking associate. Height, Schweizer, Hudock, and Bermeo met at the subway. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1609
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Decoteau is a mechanic. Draughn is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hoffmeister is a model. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Stubbs is a hairdresser. At the open gallery museum, Draughn, Stubbs, Hoffmeister, and Decoteau ran into each other. The museum has no such thing as free entry. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1610
Nolt is a labourer. Strickland is a bus driver. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Wagaman is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Vanpelt is an optician. At the grocery store, Nolt, Wagaman, Strickland, and Vanpelt met. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1611
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Delgado is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Avitia is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mccool is a carpenter. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Cancel is a teacher. At the wedding, Avitia, Cancel, Delgado, and Mccool ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1612
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Teeter is a plumber. Meisner is an optician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Demeter is a labourer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Vos is a factory worker. At the house party, Meisner, Teeter, Demeter, and Vos ran into each other. The party is going to be full. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1613
Glidewell is a stocking associate. Deherrera is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Monroy is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Archila is a labourer. At the boardwalk arcade, Glidewell, Deherrera, Archila, and Monroy connected. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1614
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mcnutt is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mcguckin is a lifeguard. Disbrow is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Vanzee is a model. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the cooking class, Disbrow, Vanzee, Mcguckin, and Mcnutt met. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1615
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Noda is a stocking associate. Bricker is an accountant. Bahr is a labourer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Shimko is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the charity car wash, Noda, Shimko, Bricker, and Bahr started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1616
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Reiman is an optician. Best is a traffic warden. Riendeau is a nurse. Bossert is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the beach, Reiman, Riendeau, Best, and Bossert connected. The beach is full of birds. He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1617
Drinkard is an accountant. Farinas is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Sayles is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Ziemer is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the theater festival, Drinkard, Sayles, Farinas, and Ziemer ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1618
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Euceda is a dentist. Eccleston is a nurse. Schmitt is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Delcid is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the dog park, Eccleston, Delcid, Euceda, and Schmitt met. The park is beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1619
Giffin is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Dolphin is a dentist. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Girard is an accountant. Ohara is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the boardwalk arcade, Giffin, Girard, Ohara, and Dolphin met. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1620
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Castano is a labourer. Drennen is a hairdresser. Segraves is a model. Ferrel is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the gallery, Segraves, Ferrel, Drennen, and Castano ran into each other. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1621
Yepes is an electrician. Zapien is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Flickinger is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Watanabe is a hairdresser. At the wedding, Zapien, Yepes, Watanabe, and Flickinger started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1622
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Coppola is a lifeguard. Helms is a factory worker. Brandel is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Bohner is a newsreader. At the retreat, Brandel, Helms, Coppola, and Bohner started a conversation. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1623
Suresh is a carpenter. Twyman is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hopkins is a model. Obrien is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the restaurant, Twyman, Hopkins, Suresh, and Obrien ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1624
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Twyman is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Guay is a labourer. Elsey is a nurse. Servin is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the boardwalk arcade, Guay, Servin, Twyman, and Elsey ran into each other. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1625
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Defazio is a traffic warden. Faulk is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Shore is an electrician. Orduna is a plumber. At the grocery store, Shore, Orduna, Defazio, and Faulk started a conversation. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1626
Burks is a stocking associate. Ducharme is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Cloutier is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Hering is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the open gallery museum, Cloutier, Burks, Ducharme, and Hering met. The museums show how the city looked thousands of years ago. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1627
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Twilley is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Pliego is a carpenter. Shively is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Krenz is a chef. At the open mic night, Shively, Pliego, Krenz, and Twilley met. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1628
Healey is a stocking associate. Garretson is a mechanic. Treacy is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Yepes is a nurse. At the boardwalk arcade, Healey, Yepes, Garretson, and Treacy started a conversation. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1629
Render is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Tawney is a model. Eriksen is a dentist. Kingery is a nurse. Eriksen, Tawney, Kingery, and Render met at the halloweeen party. The party is free entry for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1630
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Sterrett is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Auten is a nurse. Berthiaume is a bus driver. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Jackman is an optician. At the boardwalk arcade, Auten, Sterrett, Jackman, and Berthiaume met. There is plenty of food to eat here. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1631
Carnes is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Runner is a carpenter. Maslowski is a bus driver. Mcnary is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the food and drink festival, Carnes, Mcnary, Maslowski, and Runner ran into each other. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1632
Lind is an accountant. Brimmer is a nurse. Whetzel is a chef. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Chapin is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the gallery opening event, Whetzel, Brimmer, Lind, and Chapin started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1633
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Kost is a dentist. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Costilla is a hairdresser. Cobbins is a bus driver. Beedle is an optician. At the cigar bar, Cobbins, Costilla, Beedle, and Kost connected. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1634
Gallion is a chef. Still is a factory worker. Degnan is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Burgos is an electrician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the bar, Burgos, Gallion, Degnan, and Still connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1635
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Gabbard is a lecturer. Ayon is a teacher. Hurdle is a labourer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Auer is a bus driver. At the power yoga class, Ayon, Gabbard, Auer, and Hurdle connected. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1636
Cienfuegos is a bus driver. Oppenheimer is a plumber. Mcmahan is a model. Apperson is a traffic warden. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the bar crawl, Mcmahan, Apperson, Oppenheimer, and Cienfuegos started a conversation. The tour is not in its 20th year, unfortunately. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1637
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hallenbeck is a newsreader. Owensby is a teacher. Mcsorley is a mechanic. Edmonson is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mcsorley, Hallenbeck, Edmonson, and Owensby met at the music festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1638
Capellan is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mcdonald is an accountant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hickey is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Wittman is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the restaurant, Mcdonald, Wittman, Capellan, and Hickey started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. Ze reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1639
Swindell is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Masse is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hone is a plumber. Bayer is an electrician. At the subway, Swindell, Bayer, Hone, and Masse connected. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1640
Janda is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Rybak is a plumber. Esser is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hambrick is an accountant. At the gallery, Janda, Esser, Rybak, and Hambrick ran into each other. The museum has any important buildings, like the Museum of Archaeology in Baltimore. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1641
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kaur is a stocking associate. Peterkin is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Zabala is a dentist. Hair is an electrician. At the business expo, Hair, Zabala, Kaur, and Peterkin ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1642
Dimitrov is a hairdresser. Mchugh is an accountant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Calleros is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Wisneski is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the dance class, Calleros, Wisneski, Mchugh, and Dimitrov connected. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1643
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Gosney is a hairdresser. Suresh is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Schleicher is a stocking associate. Steves is an accountant. At the subway, Steves, Schleicher, Gosney, and Suresh met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1644
Defranco is a mechanic. Drummer is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Tarnowski is a labourer. Portwood is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the gallery, Tarnowski, Defranco, Portwood, and Drummer connected. The museum also has exhibitions with some very interesting archaeological places. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1645
Sinha is a stocking associate. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Chaffee is a teacher. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mueller is a labourer. Hickox is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the social community gathering, Mueller, Chaffee, Hickox, and Sinha met. The community has an open kitchen. They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1646
Steffy is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Castonguay is a bus driver. Okada is a dentist. Hughes is a lifeguard. At the music festival, Hughes, Steffy, Okada, and Castonguay met. The event is free and open to all people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1647
Parmelee is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Stefanski is a model. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Stickney is a chef. Mortenson is a hairdresser. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the business expo, Mortenson, Parmelee, Stickney, and Stefanski started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ey reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1648
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Cosentino is a lifeguard. Panzer is a traffic warden. Bang is a model. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bruning is a stocking associate. At the bar, Panzer, Cosentino, Bang, and Bruning ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1649
Card is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Quirino is an accountant. Ledesma is a teacher. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Woodbury is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Quirino, Ledesma, Woodbury, and Card met at the theater festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1650
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Woodhouse is a mechanic. Sayers is a dentist. Grandberry is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Levesque is an optician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the design expo, Grandberry, Woodhouse, Sayers, and Levesque ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1651
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Swingle is a chef. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Douthit is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Fincher is a mechanic. Foley is a dentist. Fincher, Foley, Swingle, and Douthit met at the party. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1652
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lacour is a newsreader. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Crane is a bus driver. Sapp is an optician. Balderas is a chef. Lacour, Crane, Balderas, and Sapp met at the wedding. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1653
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Drummer is an accountant. Rodden is a bus driver. Heise is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Binion is a teacher. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the retreat, Drummer, Binion, Rodden, and Heise ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1654
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Moniz is a labourer. Benites is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Castagna is a teacher. Hohn is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the school reunion, Hohn, Benites, Castagna, and Moniz connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1655
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bergquist is a labourer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mccool is an electrician. Bang is a newsreader. Forsberg is a carpenter. At the holiday party, Mccool, Forsberg, Bang, and Bergquist ran into each other. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1656
Paik is a stocking associate. Hegwood is a lecturer. Isaacson is a mechanic. Slough is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Isaacson, Slough, Hegwood, and Paik met at the retreat. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1657
Carini is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Wimberley is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Tussey is a lecturer. Deloney is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the cooking class, Tussey, Wimberley, Deloney, and Carini connected. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1658
Sandidge is a carpenter. Fenstermacher is a chef. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Soucy is a factory worker. Mahajan is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the gallery opening event, Sandidge, Mahajan, Soucy, and Fenstermacher ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1659
Lefler is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gladstone is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Choy is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Veltri is a plumber. At the local talk, Lefler, Gladstone, Veltri, and Choy met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1660
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mehaffey is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Baskerville is a nurse. Height is a lecturer. Mehra is a lifeguard. At the cooking class, Height, Baskerville, Mehaffey, and Mehra ran into each other. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1661
Slough is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Kaler is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Windham is an optician. Jorgenson is an accountant. At the cooking class, Jorgenson, Slough, Windham, and Kaler ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1662
Tolleson is a dentist. Kavanaugh is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Stringfield is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Krum is a labourer. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the open mic night, Kavanaugh, Stringfield, Tolleson, and Krum started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1663
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Kozak is a factory worker. Toohey is a traffic warden. Driscoll is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Tenorio is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the theater festival, Toohey, Kozak, Tenorio, and Driscoll ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1664
Delk is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Eells is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Degeorge is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Estep is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the local talk, Delk, Estep, Eells, and Degeorge met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1665
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kull is a mechanic. Cioffi is a carpenter. Grimm is a dentist. Bricker is a lifeguard. At the power yoga class, Cioffi, Grimm, Bricker, and Kull ran into each other. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1666
Shumate is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Delp is a chef. Frakes is a factory worker. Donaldson is a lifeguard. At the halloweeen party, Frakes, Delp, Donaldson, and Shumate connected. The party is going to be full. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1667
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Gladstone is an optician. Lu is a labourer. Warnock is a stocking associate. Meier is a dentist. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the house party, Warnock, Meier, Gladstone, and Lu started a conversation. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1668
Chery is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Loya is an accountant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Demeter is a teacher. Aurand is a bus driver. At the group vacation, Loya, Demeter, Aurand, and Chery met. The tour is an annual event held in Phoenix, Arizona in which nearly 2,000 members of more than 250 religious traditions, from the Roman Catholic Church to Mormons and even some Christian denominations, march in celebration of Sunday's mass. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1669
Hartzler is a nurse. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mceachin is a newsreader. Cutright is a plumber. Lavallee is a bus driver. At the group vacation, Cutright, Hartzler, Mceachin, and Lavallee connected. Tours help one discover the city. He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1670
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cullinan is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Lapham is a mechanic. Spoon is an optician. Helgeson is a newsreader. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the holiday party, Cullinan, Lapham, Spoon, and Helgeson connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1671
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Pung is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Mizelle is a plumber. Bardales is a traffic warden. Feinberg is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the holiday party, Feinberg, Pung, Mizelle, and Bardales started a conversation. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1672
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Demars is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pharr is a traffic warden. Mazon is a labourer. Sandman is a newsreader. At the power yoga class, Mazon, Demars, Pharr, and Sandman connected. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1673
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Ashcroft is a factory worker. Thong is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Storck is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Schisler is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Thong, Ashcroft, Schisler, and Storck met at the restaurant. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1674
Bevans is a lecturer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Matamoros is a carpenter. Hord is a newsreader. Sambrano is a chef. At the dog park, Hord, Bevans, Sambrano, and Matamoros met. The park is beautiful. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1675
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Harpole is a bus driver. Latson is a hairdresser. Sauder is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Kish is an electrician. At the dance class, Latson, Kish, Sauder, and Harpole connected. Classes are well organized. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1676
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Korman is a nurse. Delva is a carpenter. Bonaparte is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bollman is an optician. At the specialty retail store, Korman, Delva, Bollman, and Bonaparte connected. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1677
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Mukherjee is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Tooley is a nurse. Freed is a stocking associate. Coan is a model. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the wedding, Tooley, Freed, Coan, and Mukherjee met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1678
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Staff is a stocking associate. Hinkel is a dentist. Shouse is a teacher. Freels is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the commuter bus, Hinkel, Staff, Freels, and Shouse started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1679
Cloninger is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Welsch is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Garciagarcia is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Laferriere is a hairdresser. At the school reunion, Cloninger, Garciagarcia, Laferriere, and Welsch ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1680
Golightly is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Wolfram is a mechanic. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Frison is a chef. Plaisted is a traffic warden. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the food and drink festival, Wolfram, Frison, Plaisted, and Golightly started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1681
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Staff is a newsreader. Yocum is a stocking associate. Leal is a lecturer. Blakeslee is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the design expo, Yocum, Leal, Staff, and Blakeslee connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1682
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Huebner is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Keener is a carpenter. Lair is a stocking associate. Bucio is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the party, Keener, Bucio, Huebner, and Lair met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1683
Mantilla is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Castelli is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Lass is a dentist. Rosenau is a nurse. At the boardwalk arcade, Mantilla, Rosenau, Castelli, and Lass connected. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1684
Hardie is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Threet is a mechanic. Pitt is an electrician. Wargo is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the grocery store, Threet, Wargo, Pitt, and Hardie connected. Markets are full of surprises! She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1685
Villafane is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Buresh is a traffic warden. Twilley is a lifeguard. Beaver is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the commuter bus, Beaver, Villafane, Buresh, and Twilley started a conversation. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1686
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Orduna is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Vallejos is a dentist. Carini is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Aviles is a newsreader. At the gallery, Orduna, Vallejos, Aviles, and Carini connected. Museums are great places to learn about culture. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1687
Gainey is a traffic warden. Ruppert is a dentist. Dingess is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Henrikson is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Ruppert, Gainey, Dingess, and Henrikson met at the halloweeen party. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1688
Traore is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Ensor is a carpenter. Meier is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Wenger is a lifeguard. At the business expo, Ensor, Meier, Traore, and Wenger ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1689
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Kovacs is a plumber. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Fairfax is a nurse. Signorelli is a traffic warden. Jelinek is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the gallery opening event, Fairfax, Kovacs, Jelinek, and Signorelli connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1690
Lainez is a dentist. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Thrift is an accountant. Garvey is a teacher. Schoenherr is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the gallery opening event, Garvey, Lainez, Schoenherr, and Thrift ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1691
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Snelson is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Harwell is a model. Deshields is an accountant. Mcneill is a dentist. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Harwell, Snelson, Deshields, and Mcneill met at the grocery store. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1692
Kissinger is a chef. Roser is an accountant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Erlandson is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Greenfield is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Roser, Kissinger, Erlandson, and Greenfield met at the beach. There is another side of the ocean, in the form of a beach known as a' Pill Road'. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1693
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Downard is a teacher. Buitrago is a model. Hammontree is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Rodden is a plumber. At the dance class, Hammontree, Buitrago, Downard, and Rodden met. Classes teach new things every week. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1694
Byington is a lecturer. Kowalik is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Cowley is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hirst is a carpenter. At the party, Hirst, Cowley, Byington, and Kowalik met. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1695
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Ballou is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Digby is a carpenter. Leist is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Fanning is a hairdresser. At the design expo, Digby, Fanning, Leist, and Ballou ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1696
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcguckin is a teacher. Uhl is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Coyle is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Cuervo is an accountant. At the bar crawl, Coyle, Uhl, Mcguckin, and Cuervo started a conversation. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1697
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gebhardt is an accountant. Kuss is a teacher. Ohara is a traffic warden. Kensinger is a lifeguard. At the bar crawl, Kensinger, Gebhardt, Kuss, and Ohara connected. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1698
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mangold is a dentist. Atterberry is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Hamaker is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Futrell is an accountant. Futrell, Hamaker, Atterberry, and Mangold met at the open gallery museum. The museum has many ancient things. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1699
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Striegel is a carpenter. Dague is a newsreader. Martins is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Cresswell is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Striegel, Cresswell, Martins, and Dague met at the book club. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1700
Schlosser is an accountant. Negron is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bennington is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Norwood is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the halloweeen party, Norwood, Negron, Bennington, and Schlosser started a conversation. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1701
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Hawks is a labourer. Colwell is a chef. Wiser is a stocking associate. Putman is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hawks, Wiser, Colwell, and Putman met at the specialty retail store. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1702
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Rothenberg is a teacher. Merida is a lecturer. Darnall is an optician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Allain is a chef. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Merida, Allain, Darnall, and Rothenberg met at the group vacation. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1703
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Marsala is a chef. Bogar is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bontrager is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Herz is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the grocery store, Marsala, Bogar, Bontrager, and Herz connected. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1704
Sall is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lindow is a traffic warden. Arens is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Farr is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Lindow, Arens, Sall, and Farr met at the retreat. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". They told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1705
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Dickerson is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Tew is a mechanic. Laing is a chef. Erdmann is a factory worker. At the house party, Erdmann, Laing, Tew, and Dickerson started a conversation. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. They told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1706
Scheidt is a traffic warden. Melcher is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Dougan is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mederos is a nurse. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the local talk, Melcher, Mederos, Scheidt, and Dougan met. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1707
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Lawrie is an accountant. Dinges is a model. Rode is a hairdresser. Castrejon is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the open mic night, Lawrie, Rode, Castrejon, and Dinges ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1708
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Smithers is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Studley is a stocking associate. Danforth is a bus driver. Ting is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the school reunion, Smithers, Ting, Studley, and Danforth met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1709
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Schatz is a teacher. Guerrier is a nurse. Severson is a chef. Spaulding is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the music festival, Schatz, Severson, Spaulding, and Guerrier met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1710
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Ellerbe is a chef. Mortenson is a hairdresser. Croft is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Doster is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the charity car wash, Doster, Ellerbe, Mortenson, and Croft started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1711
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Carleton is a carpenter. Reinoso is a model. Mcavoy is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Costales is a dentist. Costales, Carleton, Reinoso, and Mcavoy met at the open gallery museum. The museum has no such thing as free entry. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1712
Arata is a model. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Rothenberg is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Chanthavong is a plumber. Blakeslee is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the dog park, Rothenberg, Blakeslee, Arata, and Chanthavong met. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1713
Orta is a plumber. Riter is a teacher. Eslick is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Purtell is a traffic warden. At the hotel, Orta, Purtell, Riter, and Eslick ran into each other. The place is nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1714
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Vanderveen is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kimmel is a lifeguard. Rembert is a stocking associate. Luce is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the theater festival, Kimmel, Rembert, Vanderveen, and Luce met. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1715
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kammer is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Dysart is an accountant. Cuevas is an optician. Greenidge is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the boardwalk arcade, Greenidge, Cuevas, Dysart, and Kammer met. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1716
Poore is a chef. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Gertz is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Coppock is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Flake is a carpenter. At the design expo, Gertz, Flake, Poore, and Coppock met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1717
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Buske is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. You is a plumber. Farquhar is a factory worker. Horvath is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Farquhar, You, Buske, and Horvath met at the holiday party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1718
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Grimaldo is a newsreader. Wurst is a nurse. Farrington is an optician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Vigil is a model. At the group vacation, Farrington, Vigil, Wurst, and Grimaldo connected. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1719
Volker is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Pfannenstiel is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Polansky is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Stefanski is a traffic warden. At the design expo, Stefanski, Polansky, Volker, and Pfannenstiel met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1720
Cathcart is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Brigman is a teacher. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kozak is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Wickham is an optician. At the cooking class, Brigman, Wickham, Cathcart, and Kozak met. It's a huge place! He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1721
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Kammerer is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Vanwyk is a teacher. Hodgdon is a factory worker. Gravatt is a traffic warden. Hodgdon, Gravatt, Kammerer, and Vanwyk met at the gallery opening event. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1722
Lamotte is an accountant. Wallis is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Swindell is a hairdresser. Nunnery is a labourer. At the subway, Wallis, Nunnery, Swindell, and Lamotte connected. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1723
Krull is an electrician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Kovarik is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Settle is a chef. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Razo is an optician. At the design expo, Krull, Settle, Kovarik, and Razo connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1724
Berthelot is a teacher. Tarnowski is a labourer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Hazlewood is an optician. Feehan is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the party, Berthelot, Feehan, Hazlewood, and Tarnowski connected. The party is going to be full. They told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1725
Holzman is a bus driver. Reinhardt is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Putt is a factory worker. Bergin is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the cooking class, Bergin, Reinhardt, Putt, and Holzman started a conversation. The class is fun! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1726
Cancel is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Toledo is a model. Stalling is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Spath is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the commuter bus, Cancel, Toledo, Spath, and Stalling ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1727
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Hires is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lumpkins is an optician. Schenkel is a stocking associate. Berndt is a lifeguard. At the power yoga class, Hires, Berndt, Lumpkins, and Schenkel connected. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1728
Hardt is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Fleischmann is a bus driver. Trahan is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Ballew is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the open mic night, Ballew, Hardt, Trahan, and Fleischmann ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1729
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Saulnier is a dentist. Gammage is a bus driver. Freitag is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Rayburn is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the bar, Freitag, Saulnier, Gammage, and Rayburn started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1730
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Graybeal is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Lampman is a factory worker. Rieman is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Colegrove is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the beach, Lampman, Graybeal, Rieman, and Colegrove met. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. He reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1731
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Reardon is a mechanic. Hamby is a lifeguard. Dines is a carpenter. Renzi is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the specialty retail store, Renzi, Reardon, Dines, and Hamby started a conversation. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. They reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1732
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Chatman is a model. Wildes is an optician. Sickels is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Mathena is a factory worker. At the power yoga class, Sickels, Mathena, Chatman, and Wildes met. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1733
Kennett is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Fann is a mechanic. Montagna is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Lewallen is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the house party, Montagna, Kennett, Fann, and Lewallen started a conversation. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1734
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lumpkins is a model. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Broad is a plumber. Ellefson is an accountant. Tribble is a stocking associate. Ellefson, Lumpkins, Tribble, and Broad met at the business expo. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1735
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Horrocks is an electrician. Howell is an optician. Krug is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hillis is a lifeguard. At the food and drink festival, Krug, Howell, Hillis, and Horrocks started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1736
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Livesay is a carpenter. Gulati is a labourer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Oliveros is a plumber. Deschamps is a mechanic. At the wedding, Gulati, Oliveros, Deschamps, and Livesay ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1737
Helvey is an accountant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Dye is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Moore is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lundeen is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the house party, Moore, Dye, Lundeen, and Helvey ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. Ze reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1738
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Echols is a newsreader. Zeringue is a hairdresser. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Herrington is a plumber. Spearman is a mechanic. Herrington, Zeringue, Echols, and Spearman met at the holiday party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. They reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1739
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mizelle is an accountant. Avilla is a labourer. Reinhart is a plumber. Mccollom is a model. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Mizelle, Mccollom, Reinhart, and Avilla met at the halloweeen party. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1740
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mains is an electrician. Brodbeck is a labourer. Hirst is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Whitacre is a lecturer. At the boardwalk arcade, Mains, Hirst, Brodbeck, and Whitacre connected. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1741
Tryon is a traffic warden. Turlington is a lecturer. Alkire is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Borelli is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Alkire, Turlington, Tryon, and Borelli met at the open gallery museum. Museums have free exhibitions. They told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1742
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Winkelman is a factory worker. Evenson is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Barboza is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mcgrail is a labourer. At the holiday party, Mcgrail, Evenson, Winkelman, and Barboza connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1743
Demeter is a model. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cobble is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Caruthers is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Wadkins is an electrician. At the group vacation, Cobble, Caruthers, Wadkins, and Demeter ran into each other. The tour is expected to run for the weekend of March 13 through 22. Tickets are $ 13 minimum, $ 16 per person for those ages 13 - 19. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1744
Broad is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Cusick is a teacher. Pascarella is a factory worker. Spotts is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cusick, Broad, Pascarella, and Spotts met at the social community gathering. The place is very beautiful. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1745
Tejeda is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hanlin is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Reichert is a dentist. Ebling is an electrician. Ebling, Tejeda, Reichert, and Hanlin met at the open gallery museum. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1746
Graziano is a carpenter. Licata is a chef. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Segal is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Vidrine is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the dance class, Graziano, Licata, Vidrine, and Segal met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1747
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Loffredo is a teacher. Blatt is a carpenter. Brunelle is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Dinwiddie is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the social community gathering, Brunelle, Loffredo, Blatt, and Dinwiddie ran into each other. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1748
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Diebold is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Towner is a hairdresser. Midgley is a bus driver. Meisner is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the social community gathering, Midgley, Diebold, Meisner, and Towner connected. The place is very beautiful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1749
Voorhees is a carpenter. Mettler is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Nordstrom is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Granillo is a plumber. Voorhees, Nordstrom, Mettler, and Granillo met at the retreat. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1750
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gallaway is a model. Sall is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Shire is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Palmatier is a carpenter. At the food and drink festival, Shire, Sall, Palmatier, and Gallaway started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1751
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Honig is a lecturer. Edens is a mechanic. Schlatter is a chef. Fye is a hairdresser. At the party, Schlatter, Fye, Honig, and Edens ran into each other. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1752
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Naugle is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Palko is a factory worker. Goodall is a lifeguard. Tisdale is a chef. At the house party, Goodall, Naugle, Palko, and Tisdale ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1753
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Easterling is a bus driver. Callison is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Krol is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Koziol is a teacher. At the food and drink festival, Koziol, Callison, Easterling, and Krol connected. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1754
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Gover is a nurse. Mort is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Wilbanks is a plumber. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lauber is a lecturer. At the group vacation, Gover, Lauber, Wilbanks, and Mort met. The tour is held in the small town of Boulogne, North Rhine - Westphalia. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1755
Heintzelman is a newsreader. Heider is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Woodbury is a chef. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Sandidge is a labourer. At the food and drink festival, Heider, Heintzelman, Sandidge, and Woodbury started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1756
Girardi is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Upchurch is a stocking associate. Gilmartin is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Borders is a newsreader. At the bar, Upchurch, Girardi, Borders, and Gilmartin started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1757
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Foushee is a mechanic. Guidry is an electrician. Zakrzewski is a model. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Thies is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the beach, Foushee, Guidry, Thies, and Zakrzewski met. There is another side of the ocean, in the form of a beach known as a' Pill Road'. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1758
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mccullen is a hairdresser. Hazelton is a model. Godby is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Demott is a nurse. At the cooking class, Mccullen, Hazelton, Godby, and Demott met. The class has interesting sessions. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1759
Jeong is a model. Demars is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Danforth is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Dehaven is an optician. At the cigar bar, Jeong, Danforth, Dehaven, and Demars ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1760
Briseno is a chef. Peloquin is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Murphey is an accountant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Siddiqui is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the hotel, Siddiqui, Briseno, Peloquin, and Murphey started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1761
Zapata is a carpenter. Leday is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Gallion is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Fair is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the boardwalk arcade, Zapata, Fair, Leday, and Gallion connected. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1762
Olds is a plumber. Batra is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Rasor is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Kangas is a hairdresser. At the restaurant, Batra, Rasor, Olds, and Kangas connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1763
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ferrante is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mosby is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Thoreson is a newsreader. Reinhardt is a labourer. At the design expo, Thoreson, Mosby, Ferrante, and Reinhardt ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1764
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Montagna is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Farley is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Ronquillo is a labourer. Newbold is a lifeguard. At the cooking class, Montagna, Ronquillo, Newbold, and Farley ran into each other. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1765
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Tarter is a lifeguard. Pokorny is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Obannon is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Jefferies is a factory worker. Pokorny, Jefferies, Obannon, and Tarter met at the dog park. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1766
Lawrie is a lifeguard. Reh is a newsreader. Deemer is a model. Zamarripa is a mechanic. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the beach, Reh, Zamarripa, Deemer, and Lawrie connected. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1767
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Sell is a dentist. Braaten is a labourer. Ruggles is a nurse. Gilleland is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Braaten, Ruggles, Gilleland, and Sell met at the bar. The atmosphere was nice. He reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1768
Razo is an accountant. Endicott is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Wallach is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Summerall is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the theater festival, Endicott, Razo, Wallach, and Summerall connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1769
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Baehr is a bus driver. Ocon is an optician. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Tardy is a chef. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Bark is a factory worker. At the social community gathering, Ocon, Tardy, Baehr, and Bark met. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1770
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Eichhorn is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kulas is an electrician. Licata is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Cortinas is a lifeguard. Eichhorn, Cortinas, Kulas, and Licata met at the dog park. The park looks nice. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1771
Whitson is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Soohoo is a model. Farr is a traffic warden. Palomo is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the business expo, Whitson, Soohoo, Farr, and Palomo ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1772
Geis is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Laferriere is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Brittingham is a carpenter. Wilbanks is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the bar crawl, Geis, Laferriere, Wilbanks, and Brittingham met. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. Ey told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1773
Faria is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Wallen is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Manwaring is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Schuett is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wallen, Faria, Schuett, and Manwaring met at the gallery. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1774
Mccary is a teacher. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Harrill is an optician. Laufer is a model. Lorentz is a plumber. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the book club, Harrill, Mccary, Laufer, and Lorentz met. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1775
Farlow is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Gholston is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Hepp is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Balboa is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the music festival, Farlow, Hepp, Balboa, and Gholston ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1776
Weisel is a newsreader. Pettway is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Averett is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Marcano is a teacher. At the cigar bar, Averett, Weisel, Marcano, and Pettway met. The beer is excellent. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1777
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Beacham is a stocking associate. Sellars is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Swanberg is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Saulsbury is a lecturer. At the school reunion, Sellars, Swanberg, Beacham, and Saulsbury ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1778
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Palumbo is a labourer. Damore is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Shows is a hairdresser. Quick is a carpenter. At the cafe, Shows, Palumbo, Quick, and Damore connected. One of the few spots for everyone. She reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1779
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Hileman is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Turnbull is a stocking associate. Remley is a lifeguard. Talbott is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the dog park, Talbott, Hileman, Turnbull, and Remley connected. The park has many plants and flowers. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1780
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Cardillo is a factory worker. Fahy is a model. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Karr is a chef. Holderman is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Cardillo, Karr, Holderman, and Fahy met at the cafe. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1781
Blystone is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Simoneaux is an optician. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Kober is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Eslick is a newsreader. At the gallery opening event, Eslick, Kober, Simoneaux, and Blystone met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1782
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Earley is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Mickelsen is a mechanic. Mickelson is a traffic warden. Combs is a dentist. Mickelson, Mickelsen, Earley, and Combs met at the beach. For years, there was very little activity to this point in the sand of the beach, and now it's all but empty. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1783
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hundt is a lifeguard. Lueck is an electrician. Huffer is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Rego is a plumber. At the party, Hundt, Lueck, Rego, and Huffer connected. The party is free entry for everyone. They reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1784
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Byas is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Burciaga is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Buscher is a teacher. Noakes is a bus driver. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the cigar bar, Buscher, Burciaga, Byas, and Noakes started a conversation. The beer is excellent. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1785
Hastie is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Chastain is a dentist. Barclay is a chef. Almond is a nurse. At the dance class, Almond, Hastie, Chastain, and Barclay connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1786
Carnes is a traffic warden. Hanchett is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Gilley is a stocking associate. Bates is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the hotel, Carnes, Hanchett, Gilley, and Bates met. The coffee tastes good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1787
Alderman is a newsreader. Hagler is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Whitmer is a traffic warden. Kear is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the design expo, Kear, Alderman, Hagler, and Whitmer ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1788
Loose is a stocking associate. Bilodeau is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bevins is a mechanic. Schram is a plumber. At the bar, Loose, Schram, Bevins, and Bilodeau connected. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1789
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Shute is a labourer. Cogdill is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Lollis is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hildebrand is a stocking associate. At the open gallery museum, Cogdill, Lollis, Shute, and Hildebrand met. There is a special area in the museum for dinosaurs. He reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1790
Thelen is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Shoup is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lepley is a model. Loria is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the restaurant, Loria, Thelen, Shoup, and Lepley ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1791
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Burda is a lecturer. Cournoyer is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Ancona is a carpenter. Belton is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the social community gathering, Ancona, Cournoyer, Belton, and Burda connected. The service is what all the people have been working to do. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1792
Mayeux is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Bushee is a labourer. Horta is a factory worker. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Pascua is an optician. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the bar crawl, Bushee, Mayeux, Pascua, and Horta ran into each other. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1793
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Batra is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Shurtleff is a traffic warden. Dearth is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Ferebee is a nurse. At the power yoga class, Batra, Ferebee, Shurtleff, and Dearth ran into each other. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1794
Budge is a nurse. Carignan is a hairdresser. Beegle is a carpenter. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Busbee is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the beach, Carignan, Budge, Beegle, and Busbee started a conversation. The beach is full of a sense of awe and awe - inspiring beauty. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1795
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Pinzon is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Obert is an electrician. Coil is an accountant. Vandergrift is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the restaurant, Coil, Obert, Vandergrift, and Pinzon ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1796
Wyche is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bartow is an accountant. Latimore is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Porche is a lecturer. At the holiday party, Bartow, Latimore, Porche, and Wyche started a conversation. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1797
Vass is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Redfern is a model. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Bonney is a labourer. Dulin is a hairdresser. Redfern, Vass, Bonney, and Dulin met at the subway. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1798
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Nordman is a traffic warden. Manna is a stocking associate. Nusbaum is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Denney is an electrician. At the wedding, Denney, Manna, Nusbaum, and Nordman met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1799
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bussell is a nurse. Mathewson is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Twombly is a bus driver. Ziemer is a lecturer. At the group vacation, Ziemer, Mathewson, Bussell, and Twombly met. The tour is an important part of the new generation. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1800
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Batiste is a hairdresser. Ferry is a model. Dutta is an electrician. Mehta is a bus driver. At the open gallery museum, Ferry, Batiste, Mehta, and Dutta connected. The museum has an enormous collection of famous paintings. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1801
Weatherspoon is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Casados is a chef. Duffield is a dentist. Priester is a factory worker. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the dog park, Weatherspoon, Duffield, Casados, and Priester met. The dogs that play here are super cute. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1802
Varley is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Hight is an electrician. Carstensen is a labourer. Henninger is a bus driver. At the dog park, Hight, Carstensen, Henninger, and Varley connected. The park is beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1803
Rayburn is a dentist. Chitty is a lecturer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rancourt is an optician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Leduc is a stocking associate. At the cafe, Leduc, Chitty, Rancourt, and Rayburn ran into each other. It is a cool place to hang out. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1804
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pfeifer is a plumber. Coppock is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Maslowski is an accountant. Ness is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the group vacation, Pfeifer, Maslowski, Coppock, and Ness connected. Tours can provide with an opportunity to meet foreigners. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1805
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Vass is a teacher. Bang is a chef. Blades is a newsreader. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Folmar is an optician. Blades, Bang, Vass, and Folmar met at the commuter bus. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1806
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Litman is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Blodgett is an accountant. Longstreet is a factory worker. Slone is a bus driver. Longstreet, Blodgett, Litman, and Slone met at the specialty retail store. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1807
Kue is a newsreader. Knopp is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Carbonell is a dentist. Overholt is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Kue, Overholt, Knopp, and Carbonell met at the commuter bus. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1808
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Marsala is a labourer. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Danley is an accountant. Matta is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Edens is a bus driver. Matta, Edens, Marsala, and Danley met at the dance class. Classes provide fun and challenge. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1809
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Musgrave is a model. Heineman is a stocking associate. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Wiens is a lifeguard. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Darrington is a nurse. Heineman, Musgrave, Darrington, and Wiens met at the halloweeen party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1810
Natoli is a factory worker. Blackwell is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Mcneill is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Fray is a teacher. At the boardwalk arcade, Mcneill, Natoli, Blackwell, and Fray ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1811
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Yager is a chef. Meltzer is an optician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Artz is an accountant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Fernald is a labourer. At the local talk, Meltzer, Fernald, Artz, and Yager connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1812
Farrington is an electrician. Stricklin is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Spiegel is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Riter is a lecturer. Stricklin, Riter, Farrington, and Spiegel met at the specialty retail store. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1813
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pilon is an optician. Center is an accountant. Popa is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mazon is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the boardwalk arcade, Popa, Mazon, Center, and Pilon connected. The game can be interesting. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1814
Oda is a carpenter. Fiske is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Bufford is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Henkle is a mechanic. At the group vacation, Fiske, Oda, Bufford, and Henkle started a conversation. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1815
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Asberry is an electrician. Farrington is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Caver is a stocking associate. Jacobsen is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the cooking class, Caver, Jacobsen, Asberry, and Farrington started a conversation. Classes teach new things every week. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1816
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Trigueros is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Locher is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Schauer is a dentist. Freese is a newsreader. At the holiday party, Freese, Trigueros, Locher, and Schauer connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1817
Dunson is a factory worker. Vanderlaan is a dentist. Hand is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Tome is a newsreader. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Tome, Vanderlaan, Dunson, and Hand met at the food and drink festival. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1818
Silvernail is an optician. Sievert is a factory worker. Faria is an electrician. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Noack is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Sievert, Silvernail, Faria, and Noack met at the specialty retail store. The market is divided into sub-markets. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1819
Garden is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Salama is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Orner is a lecturer. Clauss is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the bar, Garden, Clauss, Salama, and Orner ran into each other. The drinks are served on time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1820
Hubler is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Gerber is a model. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Nevins is a lifeguard. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Wallach is a labourer. At the group vacation, Wallach, Nevins, Gerber, and Hubler ran into each other. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. They reflected on whether working for a research company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1821
Silveira is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Bischoff is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Conklin is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bolling is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Conklin, Bolling, Silveira, and Bischoff met at the grocery store. The market is open to all genders and ages. She reflected on whether repairing the water buses or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1822
Mouton is a plumber. Blakemore is an optician. Fabre is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Abarca is a nurse. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the wedding, Blakemore, Fabre, Abarca, and Mouton connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1823
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Noda is an accountant. Bork is a newsreader. Foye is a bus driver. Hord is an electrician. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the grocery store, Bork, Hord, Foye, and Noda ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1824
Kott is a factory worker. Hammitt is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Staab is a hairdresser. Champagne is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the school reunion, Champagne, Staab, Hammitt, and Kott met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1825
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Portales is an optician. Hallford is an electrician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Manzano is a labourer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Verrett is a teacher. At the cooking class, Portales, Manzano, Hallford, and Verrett started a conversation. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1826
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Ito is a teacher. Cumberbatch is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Huseman is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Warburton is a stocking associate. Ito, Huseman, Warburton, and Cumberbatch met at the power yoga class. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1827
Farlow is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Lieb is a stocking associate. Jurgensen is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Casto is a model. Farlow, Casto, Jurgensen, and Lieb met at the bar crawl. The tour is sponsored by the CAA, an advocacy group that's been campaigning to get schools to make changes to the Pledge of Allegiance. Last year, a federal judge ordered schools to end the practice. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1828
Arbuckle is a teacher. Amis is a model. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Leadbetter is an optician. Clements is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the house party, Clements, Leadbetter, Amis, and Arbuckle ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1829
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Marcum is a dentist. Schlesinger is a bus driver. Moskal is a stocking associate. Roe is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Roe, Marcum, Moskal, and Schlesinger met at the design expo. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1830
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Fresquez is an accountant. Gulley is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Corzine is a hairdresser. Vandenbosch is a teacher. At the theater festival, Vandenbosch, Corzine, Gulley, and Fresquez met. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1831
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lasko is a teacher. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Criswell is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Garrity is an optician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Towers is a factory worker. At the social community gathering, Criswell, Garrity, Lasko, and Towers started a conversation. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1832
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Stringfield is a stocking associate. Subramanian is a model. Bustamante is a teacher. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mcanally is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Stringfield, Bustamante, Mcanally, and Subramanian met at the school reunion. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1833
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Paterson is a nurse. Kincheloe is a lifeguard. Stowe is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Sohn is a stocking associate. At the commuter bus, Paterson, Sohn, Kincheloe, and Stowe connected. Public transports are affordable. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1834
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Heberling is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Cantley is a carpenter. Knudsen is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Burgos is a mechanic. At the bar, Burgos, Heberling, Cantley, and Knudsen met. One of the few spots for everyone. Ey reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1835
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Nie is a stocking associate. Stinnett is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Alsup is a carpenter. Henrikson is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Nie, Alsup, Stinnett, and Henrikson met at the retreat. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. Ey reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1836
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Sever is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Rockey is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Begay is a chef. Beckwith is a dentist. At the party, Begay, Beckwith, Sever, and Rockey ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1837
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Hagerty is a hairdresser. Fiske is a chef. Sweeten is an accountant. Pifer is a labourer. At the holiday party, Sweeten, Hagerty, Fiske, and Pifer ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1838
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Cardinal is a factory worker. Reardon is a hairdresser. Vinyard is an optician. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Castillon is a plumber. At the open gallery museum, Cardinal, Reardon, Vinyard, and Castillon ran into each other. The museum is in a historic district of central Athens and the main market district, which has become a major tourism destination, is the heart of the ancient city. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1839
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Woolfolk is a plumber. Steigerwald is a factory worker. Begin is an optician. Haas is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the power yoga class, Begin, Steigerwald, Woolfolk, and Haas started a conversation. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1840
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Buch is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Nipper is a traffic warden. Sever is a dentist. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Blow is a chef. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the grocery store, Nipper, Buch, Sever, and Blow ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1841
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hasegawa is a labourer. Armer is a factory worker. Hampshire is a stocking associate. Sartori is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the commuter bus, Sartori, Armer, Hampshire, and Hasegawa ran into each other. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1842
Alcorta is a bus driver. Hanchett is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Swett is a chef. Massenburg is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. At the house party, Hanchett, Swett, Massenburg, and Alcorta ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1843
Kutz is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcdavid is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Shipp is a teacher. Edmonson is a traffic warden. At the bar crawl, Shipp, Edmonson, Mcdavid, and Kutz ran into each other. The tour is slated to be held in Austin, Texas on May 2, where a new venue, The Art of Improvisation, will be announced. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1844
Gerke is a traffic warden. Reinbold is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Bier is a teacher. Thornsberry is an optician. Bier, Thornsberry, Reinbold, and Gerke met at the halloweeen party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1845
Shows is a newsreader. Naik is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Smithwick is a labourer. Musial is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the hotel, Musial, Smithwick, Naik, and Shows started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1846
Bunge is a lifeguard. Kind is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Geary is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Pell is a bus driver. At the cooking class, Kind, Pell, Geary, and Bunge ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1847
The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Glorioso is a bus driver. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Junker is a stocking associate. Bookout is a chef. Tindall is a teacher. At the house party, Tindall, Glorioso, Bookout, and Junker started a conversation. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1848
Folds is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Fossum is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Vanderlaan is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Eddington is a teacher. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Fossum, Vanderlaan, Folds, and Eddington met at the power yoga class. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1849
Sutherlin is a traffic warden. Barrera is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Heater is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Kitts is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. At the book club, Heater, Sutherlin, Kitts, and Barrera started a conversation. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1850
Peinado is an accountant. Prieto is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Muncy is an optician. Irick is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Peinado, Prieto, Irick, and Muncy met at the beach. For years, there was very little activity to this point in the sand of the beach, and now it's all but empty. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1851
Bartee is a hairdresser. Bongiovanni is a mechanic. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wilkinson is an optician. Hanks is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Bongiovanni, Hanks, Wilkinson, and Bartee met at the school reunion. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1852
Mcdougal is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Aurand is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Mcabee is a lifeguard. Lawrie is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the retreat, Mcdougal, Lawrie, Aurand, and Mcabee met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1853
Bednarz is a lecturer. Poore is a chef. Hurd is a newsreader. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Doolittle is an optician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the cafe, Doolittle, Bednarz, Poore, and Hurd ran into each other. The place is nice. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1854
Flory is a chef. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Ingalls is a lifeguard. Bassett is an optician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Deluca is a plumber. Deluca, Ingalls, Bassett, and Flory met at the subway. People have different schedules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1855
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Kuebler is a hairdresser. Buch is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Toman is a stocking associate. Duty is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. At the party, Duty, Kuebler, Toman, and Buch connected. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1856
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Mullican is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Pelkey is a chef. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Keown is a labourer. Rockey is a mechanic. Mullican, Keown, Pelkey, and Rockey met at the group vacation. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1857
Hendrickson is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Lovejoy is a stocking associate. Duhart is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Vreeland is an optician. At the dance class, Vreeland, Lovejoy, Duhart, and Hendrickson started a conversation. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1858
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Hershman is a model. Mcbryde is a plumber. Kliewer is a teacher. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Peluso is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the cafe, Hershman, Mcbryde, Kliewer, and Peluso started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. They reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1859
Orona is a lecturer. Honaker is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Ruis is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Leduc is a nurse. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the school reunion, Ruis, Orona, Honaker, and Leduc started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1860
Parmley is a teacher. Laskowski is a carpenter. Twomey is a model. Yuhas is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the bar crawl, Parmley, Yuhas, Twomey, and Laskowski met. The tour is an important part of the new generation. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1861
Keys is a chef. Lansing is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Boylan is a lifeguard. Andrzejewski is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the cafe, Keys, Lansing, Andrzejewski, and Boylan connected. It is a cool place to hang out. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1862
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Herrell is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Webber is a chef. Tenorio is a mechanic. Barragan is a labourer. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the book club, Barragan, Herrell, Webber, and Tenorio ran into each other. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1863
Akey is an electrician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Hyland is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Haith is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Rittenhouse is a nurse. At the food and drink festival, Akey, Haith, Hyland, and Rittenhouse connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1864
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Sherrill is a teacher. Wasko is a chef. Forth is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Mcguigan is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the charity car wash, Sherrill, Mcguigan, Forth, and Wasko connected. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1865
Shorty is a dentist. Noakes is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Noto is a model. Hoppes is a bus driver. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the cafe, Shorty, Noakes, Noto, and Hoppes connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1866
Acuna is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Maglione is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Orchard is a chef. Schlegel is a lifeguard. At the wedding, Schlegel, Orchard, Acuna, and Maglione connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1867
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Congdon is a carpenter. Villegas is a dentist. Laskowski is a teacher. Runner is a lifeguard. At the cigar bar, Congdon, Runner, Laskowski, and Villegas met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1868
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Canales is an accountant. Martinson is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Annunziata is a dentist. Abate is a lifeguard. At the retreat, Annunziata, Canales, Abate, and Martinson connected. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. They reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1869
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Nordin is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Voit is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Rothstein is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Swanberg is an electrician. At the open mic night, Swanberg, Nordin, Voit, and Rothstein connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ey reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1870
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Lambdin is an electrician. Quast is a bus driver. Beckford is a stocking associate. Pyne is a labourer. Lambdin, Beckford, Quast, and Pyne met at the dog park. The park site for more information about the location. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1871
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Sison is a newsreader. Palen is a nurse. Pickrell is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Plumley is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the commuter bus, Plumley, Sison, Pickrell, and Palen ran into each other. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. They told anecdotes from a career of working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1872
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Reber is a labourer. Coates is a chef. Wedgeworth is a plumber. Dingus is a model. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the business expo, Reber, Dingus, Coates, and Wedgeworth started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1873
Coelho is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Garden is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Holliman is a chef. Villela is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Garden, Villela, Holliman, and Coelho met at the wedding. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1874
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Schlatter is a lifeguard. Daw is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Felter is a traffic warden. Scheidt is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the subway, Scheidt, Schlatter, Daw, and Felter met. People have different schedules. He reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1875
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Perna is an accountant. Heineman is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Dye is a traffic warden. Boucher is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. At the design expo, Perna, Heineman, Boucher, and Dye ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1876
Bricker is a chef. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Chasse is a lifeguard. Beltz is a labourer. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Gomes is a plumber. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the charity car wash, Beltz, Gomes, Bricker, and Chasse met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1877
Drane is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Rolph is a chef. Timmons is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Spady is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the music festival, Rolph, Spady, Timmons, and Drane connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1878
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Esquibel is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Messenger is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gillard is an electrician. Escalera is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the wedding, Gillard, Messenger, Esquibel, and Escalera ran into each other. It is open to the public. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1879
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Shelnutt is a factory worker. Thrash is a nurse. Auman is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Cannella is a model. Thrash, Cannella, Shelnutt, and Auman met at the charity car wash. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1880
Gordy is a hairdresser. Baumgardner is an electrician. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Stine is a chef. Yip is a dentist. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Yip, Baumgardner, Stine, and Gordy met at the theater festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1881
Stec is a newsreader. Oropeza is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Bing is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tindall is an optician. At the wedding, Tindall, Bing, Stec, and Oropeza ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1882
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Cordeiro is a lecturer. Cauley is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Rolph is a newsreader. Goulding is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the music festival, Cordeiro, Rolph, Goulding, and Cauley started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1883
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Iraheta is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Michaels is a traffic warden. Holcomb is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Mcpartland is a newsreader. Michaels, Iraheta, Mcpartland, and Holcomb met at the gallery opening event. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1884
Arends is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Edens is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Bussell is a mechanic. Lu is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the bar crawl, Lu, Arends, Edens, and Bussell ran into each other. The tour is limited to ten spots a day. He reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1885
Shimko is a hairdresser. Prom is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Dysart is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Yorke is an electrician. At the holiday party, Shimko, Yorke, Dysart, and Prom ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. He reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1886
Reiman is a chef. Thelen is a bus driver. Trost is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Core is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the open mic night, Reiman, Core, Trost, and Thelen met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1887
Wilkin is a traffic warden. Gusman is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Porche is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bohner is a lecturer. At the restaurant, Wilkin, Porche, Bohner, and Gusman ran into each other. The coffee cake is quite good. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1888
Hoffmeister is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hegedus is a mechanic. Rohloff is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Janda is a newsreader. At the hotel, Rohloff, Janda, Hoffmeister, and Hegedus connected. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. Ey reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1889
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Pyron is an accountant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Meche is a newsreader. Cavallo is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Castagna is a plumber. At the party, Cavallo, Castagna, Pyron, and Meche started a conversation. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1890
Granda is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Cupp is a traffic warden. Quijano is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Maeda is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the group vacation, Maeda, Granda, Quijano, and Cupp connected. The tour is a partnership between the National Geographic Society and the National Science Foundation's Science Museum, which is an all - volunteers location. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1891
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Orzechowski is a carpenter. Eaton is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Okeeffe is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Vang is a plumber. At the retreat, Orzechowski, Okeeffe, Vang, and Eaton met. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1892
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Lakes is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Hallett is a dentist. Mcnabb is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Livermore is a carpenter. Lakes, Mcnabb, Hallett, and Livermore met at the party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1893
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Montilla is a lifeguard. Woolwine is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Diemer is an optician. Prosser is a plumber. At the gallery, Montilla, Woolwine, Prosser, and Diemer started a conversation. People can enter for free to take a look at some items from the museum. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1894
Appiah is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Merida is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Sidebottom is a plumber. Ellman is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the cigar bar, Merida, Ellman, Appiah, and Sidebottom met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1895
Peloquin is a factory worker. Lenahan is an electrician. Shear is a model. Sedlak is an optician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the house party, Lenahan, Shear, Sedlak, and Peloquin connected. The party is free entry for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1896
Scurlock is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Weisz is a carpenter. Prevatt is an electrician. Prior is a dentist. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the restaurant, Prior, Weisz, Prevatt, and Scurlock ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1897
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Penland is a dentist. Odom is a carpenter. Dangerfield is a lecturer. Rothenberg is a model. At the social community gathering, Rothenberg, Dangerfield, Odom, and Penland ran into each other. Community service is wonderful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1898
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lavallee is a model. Shuck is an electrician. Culbreth is a nurse. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Iler is a newsreader. Shuck, Iler, Lavallee, and Culbreth met at the music festival. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1899
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Gran is an electrician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Woelfel is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Orman is a chef. Moffatt is a teacher. At the gallery, Moffatt, Woelfel, Orman, and Gran met. The museum has many ancient things. She reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1900
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Helvey is an electrician. Ansell is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Lagarde is an accountant. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Petre is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. At the halloweeen party, Lagarde, Helvey, Ansell, and Petre met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1901
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Tebo is a dentist. Hadfield is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Filippone is a hairdresser. Kamm is a mechanic. Hadfield, Filippone, Kamm, and Tebo met at the cafe. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and translating problems with accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1902
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hamby is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gordy is a bus driver. Heap is a teacher. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kelling is a factory worker. Gordy, Kelling, Hamby, and Heap met at the halloweeen party. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She told anecdotes from a career of giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1903
Lauber is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Ocegueda is a dentist. Meisner is a traffic warden. Wong is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the cafe, Lauber, Wong, Meisner, and Ocegueda started a conversation. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1904
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Servin is a dentist. Stroup is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Shipe is an optician. Sams is a newsreader. At the commuter bus, Servin, Sams, Stroup, and Shipe ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1905
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Salamon is a dentist. Stuber is a model. Annis is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Shields is a newsreader. At the holiday party, Salamon, Stuber, Annis, and Shields started a conversation. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1906
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Kessinger is a nurse. Caperton is an accountant. Gobble is a factory worker. Poorman is a mechanic. At the bar crawl, Gobble, Caperton, Poorman, and Kessinger met. The tour is also the longest walk on the tour. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1907
Steverson is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Yuhas is a dentist. Dearman is a labourer. Marrs is a chef. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the theater festival, Steverson, Marrs, Dearman, and Yuhas connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1908
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Snipes is a factory worker. Larrison is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Vanvleet is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Cowger is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the food and drink festival, Snipes, Cowger, Vanvleet, and Larrison started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether seeking the water orders or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1909
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Nobile is an optician. Parman is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Conejo is a stocking associate. Ragsdale is a teacher. At the food and drink festival, Nobile, Conejo, Ragsdale, and Parman met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1910
The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Kovar is an accountant. Mclemore is a lifeguard. Osterberg is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Kaltenbach is a nurse. At the local talk, Mclemore, Kaltenbach, Kovar, and Osterberg connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1911
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Santucci is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hurd is a dentist. Cumbie is a carpenter. Battaglia is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the book club, Battaglia, Cumbie, Hurd, and Santucci ran into each other. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1912
Obert is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bastin is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Seabolt is a lifeguard. Marzano is a dentist. At the party, Obert, Marzano, Bastin, and Seabolt ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1913
Matta is an optician. Steves is a traffic warden. Macintyre is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Au is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the power yoga class, Au, Macintyre, Matta, and Steves connected. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1914
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Brodbeck is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Peiffer is a dentist. Furtado is a chef. Layfield is a teacher. Peiffer, Layfield, Brodbeck, and Furtado met at the open mic night. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1915
Truong is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Costilla is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Leiser is a plumber. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Darnall is a bus driver. At the house party, Costilla, Truong, Leiser, and Darnall started a conversation. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1916
Reames is a mechanic. Hennings is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Ehrhart is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Wurm is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the wedding, Wurm, Ehrhart, Reames, and Hennings started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1917
The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Prada is a hairdresser. Limas is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Kelsch is a traffic warden. Petit is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the dog park, Kelsch, Limas, Petit, and Prada connected. The park looks nice. He reflected on whether working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1918
Mcconville is an optician. Lands is a hairdresser. Slavik is a bus driver. Gehringer is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Slavik, Lands, Gehringer, and Mcconville met at the house party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for eyes in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1919
Jacobowitz is a labourer. Christiansen is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Winer is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Mccollough is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the cooking class, Christiansen, Winer, Jacobowitz, and Mccollough met. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1920
The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Carmody is an electrician. Clavijo is a dentist. Hon is a chef. Horning is a bus driver. Hon, Clavijo, Horning, and Carmody met at the book club. There are ways to find the great websites out there. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1921
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Scheffer is a lifeguard. Mcinnis is an electrician. Wanamaker is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Licata is a nurse. At the book club, Wanamaker, Scheffer, Mcinnis, and Licata started a conversation. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1922
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Broadway is a nurse. Livesay is a stocking associate. Meiser is a plumber. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Spinelli is a factory worker. At the wedding, Livesay, Meiser, Spinelli, and Broadway ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1923
Sargeant is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Schlosser is a nurse. Gillman is an electrician. Lepe is a stocking associate. At the social community gathering, Gillman, Sargeant, Lepe, and Schlosser started a conversation. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1924
Essig is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Mckillip is a chef. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Abboud is a plumber. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Haggins is a model. At the holiday party, Haggins, Essig, Mckillip, and Abboud connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the warehouse systems or reports.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1925
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Brunetti is a factory worker. Kolar is a teacher. Crean is a bus driver. Scoles is a dentist. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Kolar, Crean, Scoles, and Brunetti met at the charity car wash. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1926
Montilla is a teacher. Enfinger is an optician. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Ramachandran is a mechanic. Provost is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the subway, Enfinger, Ramachandran, Montilla, and Provost connected. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1927
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Mckissick is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Whidden is a traffic warden. Vanmeter is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Keys is a chef. Whidden, Mckissick, Keys, and Vanmeter met at the bar crawl. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1928
Strack is a labourer. Metts is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Shelnutt is a nurse. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Vangilder is a lecturer. At the gallery opening event, Metts, Strack, Shelnutt, and Vangilder ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1929
Berthiaume is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Allard is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Gremillion is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Klingler is a chef. At the business expo, Gremillion, Berthiaume, Klingler, and Allard ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1930
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Gerber is a newsreader. Stoltz is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Onate is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Magana is a chef. At the design expo, Magana, Gerber, Stoltz, and Onate connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting photos professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1931
Lucente is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Sartori is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcguckin is a lecturer. Tapscott is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the commuter bus, Sartori, Mcguckin, Tapscott, and Lucente met. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1932
Epley is an accountant. Teller is a hairdresser. Connally is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Noda is a nurse. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the school reunion, Noda, Epley, Teller, and Connally met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1933
Raab is a bus driver. Greig is a chef. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Longenecker is a plumber. Eichhorn is a factory worker. At the open gallery museum, Greig, Raab, Longenecker, and Eichhorn ran into each other. In most of its exhibits it has a variety of pictures or drawings which are interesting and may help some people interpret that information. They reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1934
Carruth is a model. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Garnica is a factory worker. Mcneill is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dosch is a teacher. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the food and drink festival, Garnica, Carruth, Mcneill, and Dosch connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1935
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Poteat is a lecturer. Snelson is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Guidry is an electrician. Rager is a nurse. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the gallery opening event, Rager, Poteat, Guidry, and Snelson started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1936
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Sexton is a hairdresser. Crotty is a chef. Poss is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Peabody is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the hotel, Crotty, Sexton, Poss, and Peabody ran into each other. The other beverages served here are ok. She reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1937
Hyland is a model. Deshields is a teacher. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Huebner is a nurse. Trovato is an electrician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the theater festival, Trovato, Huebner, Deshields, and Hyland ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for the management.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1938
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Takacs is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Tutor is a traffic warden. Edmiston is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ruffino is a hairdresser. At the school reunion, Edmiston, Tutor, Ruffino, and Takacs ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1939
Carignan is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Farinas is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pinkham is a model. Forrester is a chef. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the holiday party, Forrester, Farinas, Pinkham, and Carignan ran into each other. The party is going to be full. They reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1940
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Urzua is a mechanic. Digiacomo is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Palko is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Donaldson is an optician. At the book club, Digiacomo, Palko, Urzua, and Donaldson started a conversation. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. Ey reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1941
Atwood is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Papke is a traffic warden. Strawser is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Arbaugh is a chef. At the gallery, Arbaugh, Papke, Strawser, and Atwood started a conversation. The museum has art exhibitions sometimes. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1942
Grande is an electrician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Ellefson is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Gallimore is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Countryman is a nurse. At the beach, Countryman, Gallimore, Grande, and Ellefson ran into each other. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. She told anecdotes from a career of keeping organizations in a bakery.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1943
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Phares is a newsreader. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Wagaman is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Atwell is a mechanic. Hom is a dentist. At the house party, Phares, Atwell, Hom, and Wagaman met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1944
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Cornette is a model. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hiles is a labourer. Kaul is a stocking associate. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hartline is a lifeguard. At the power yoga class, Hartline, Kaul, Hiles, and Cornette met. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He reflected on whether repairing the warehouse systems or reports for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1945
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Herrmann is a lecturer. Highland is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Whitmore is a teacher. Mitten is a model. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the design expo, Highland, Mitten, Herrmann, and Whitmore started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1946
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lastra is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Stahlman is a model. Tibbitts is an optician. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Clanton is a newsreader. At the bar crawl, Tibbitts, Clanton, Lastra, and Stahlman met. The tour is an essential part of a growing number of South African children entering the profession. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1947
Hillyard is a teacher. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Leroux is a plumber. Swope is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Falk is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. At the party, Hillyard, Swope, Falk, and Leroux met. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1948
Diebold is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Toro is a nurse. Hallett is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Lucarelli is a dentist. At the grocery store, Hallett, Lucarelli, Toro, and Diebold met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1949
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Vanover is a dentist. Ota is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Krishnamurthy is a traffic warden. Hastie is a stocking associate. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Vanover, Hastie, Krishnamurthy, and Ota met at the power yoga class. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1950
Fenley is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Huskins is a stocking associate. Dorado is an optician. Robards is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the local talk, Robards, Dorado, Fenley, and Huskins ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether patrolling problems professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1951
The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Woodland is a chef. Heasley is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Welsch is an optician. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Takacs is a labourer. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the grocery store, Heasley, Takacs, Welsch, and Woodland connected. Markets are usually crowded. He reflected on whether managing a customer's or school's financial records for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1952
Olmedo is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mcwilliams is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Bhattacharya is a dentist. Calderon is a lecturer. At the gallery opening event, Mcwilliams, Bhattacharya, Olmedo, and Calderon started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1953
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Mannon is an electrician. Bunch is a lecturer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Buell is a newsreader. Mares is a model. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the theater festival, Bunch, Mares, Buell, and Mannon ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1954
Engstrom is a stocking associate. Borelli is an accountant. Hedgecock is a plumber. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Krogh is a dentist. At the open mic night, Krogh, Borelli, Engstrom, and Hedgecock started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. Ey told anecdotes from a career of checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1955
Solorzano is a teacher. Begay is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Lauber is a hairdresser. Browder is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the gallery opening event, Lauber, Begay, Solorzano, and Browder connected. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1956
Tolleson is a hairdresser. Barrier is a plumber. Lent is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Carreiro is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Tolleson, Carreiro, Lent, and Barrier met at the subway. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1957
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Gayer is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Cathcart is a traffic warden. Loh is a nurse. Frahm is a model. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Cathcart, Gayer, Frahm, and Loh met at the open gallery museum. The museum has many ancient things. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1958
The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Jarrard is an electrician. Licona is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Kot is a bus driver. Sistrunk is a newsreader. At the hotel, Jarrard, Licona, Sistrunk, and Kot met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1959
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Maes is a plumber. Mcwilliams is an accountant. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Taveras is a lifeguard. Swiatek is an optician. At the wedding, Maes, Swiatek, Mcwilliams, and Taveras started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1960
The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Bonham is a lecturer. Ancheta is a newsreader. Fikes is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Sannicolas is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the food and drink festival, Fikes, Sannicolas, Bonham, and Ancheta started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. They told anecdotes from a career of overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1961
Hively is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Markle is a stocking associate. Mckinney is an electrician. Mccumber is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the dance class, Markle, Mckinney, Hively, and Mccumber ran into each other. Classes are well organized. She reflected on whether fixing and translating problems with accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1962
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Tredway is an accountant. Wear is a lifeguard. Hinch is a lecturer. Tsao is a stocking associate. At the open gallery museum, Tredway, Wear, Tsao, and Hinch met. On the museum wall is a framed mosaic, made up of images of creatures from a world that we think were at least 200 million years. She told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1963
Chicas is a traffic warden. Norfleet is a carpenter. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Thweatt is a model. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Nowlin is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the holiday party, Nowlin, Norfleet, Thweatt, and Chicas met. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and giving the news on aircraft.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1964
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Meunier is a lecturer. Roche is an optician. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Blow is a teacher. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. Dickenson is an electrician. Roche, Dickenson, Meunier, and Blow met at the power yoga class. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1965
The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Beckley is a nurse. Bibbs is a factory worker. Frisbie is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Deshotel is an optician. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the power yoga class, Deshotel, Bibbs, Frisbie, and Beckley met. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. They reflected on whether working for the management for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1966
Persons is a chef. Hedin is a dentist. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Ghosh is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Brust is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the party, Persons, Hedin, Brust, and Ghosh started a conversation. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1967
The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Yoho is a stocking associate. Marotta is an electrician. Swartz is a newsreader. Brunetti is a plumber. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. At the open gallery museum, Swartz, Marotta, Yoho, and Brunetti connected. This museum and art is what we need more of. He reflected on whether keeping organizations in a bakery for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1968
Bailes is a bus driver. Charron is a lifeguard. Turrentine is a model. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Mackinnon is a hairdresser. Mackinnon, Bailes, Turrentine, and Charron met at the cooking class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling problems professionally.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1969
Albano is a stocking associate. Silveira is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Bielecki is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Seales is a model. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the music festival, Bielecki, Seales, Silveira, and Albano met. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1970
Treiber is a model. Hardrick is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Vanepps is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Chatelain is a labourer. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. At the theater festival, Vanepps, Treiber, Hardrick, and Chatelain connected. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1971
The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Ferrin is a labourer. Glorioso is a dentist. Abboud is a factory worker. Seeman is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the boardwalk arcade, Glorioso, Abboud, Ferrin, and Seeman met. The weather is nice for games today. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1972
The work of a nurse is working for the management. Terhune is a labourer. Filer is an optician. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Orner is a nurse. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Hepburn is a model. At the cooking class, Terhune, Orner, Filer, and Hepburn started a conversation. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of working for a research company.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1973
The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Capellan is a lecturer. Witham is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Pender is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. Gangi is a nurse. At the gallery, Witham, Gangi, Capellan, and Pender met. The museum has books, which can come together in a wonderful way. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1974
Spires is a carpenter. Twombly is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Stromberg is a factory worker. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Mckain is a model. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. At the dog park, Mckain, Stromberg, Twombly, and Spires ran into each other. The park has many plants and flowers. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and reporting the news on kitchen.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1975
Marenco is a lecturer. Peek is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Wymer is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Saulnier is a newsreader. At the gallery, Peek, Saulnier, Marenco, and Wymer met. It has exhibits and paintings, but it is almost exclusively of humans. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1976
Begay is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Folmar is a bus driver. Bacchus is an accountant. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Maclaren is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Begay, Maclaren, Bacchus, and Folmar met at the social community gathering. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. He reflected on whether reading and giving the news on aircraft for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1977
The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Bivens is a lecturer. Forero is a nurse. Blazer is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Lippman is an accountant. The work of a nurse is working for the management. At the open gallery museum, Forero, Blazer, Bivens, and Lippman met. This museum and art is what we need more of. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1978
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Flesch is a teacher. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Teller is a lecturer. Silveira is a nurse. Sippel is a labourer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the specialty retail store, Teller, Flesch, Sippel, and Silveira met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work treating the kitchen area at restaurants.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1979
Stephenson is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Lebo is a stocking associate. Corlett is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Cummings is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. At the hotel, Lebo, Stephenson, Corlett, and Cummings started a conversation. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water buses or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1980
Afzal is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Horning is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Bizzell is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Brummer is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. At the design expo, Bizzell, Afzal, Horning, and Brummer ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1981
The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Pippen is a teacher. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Minix is a labourer. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Hoppes is a nurse. Nigro is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Hoppes, Pippen, Nigro, and Minix met at the open mic night. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether treating the kitchen area at restaurants for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1982
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Bivens is a bus driver. Cevallos is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Heap is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bumgardner is a carpenter. At the beach, Bumgardner, Bivens, Cevallos, and Heap ran into each other. The beach is filled with people. They reflected on whether reading and treating patrons with pool flowers for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1983
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. Brickner is a teacher. Donaldson is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. Cheesman is a chef. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. Loop is an optician. At the grocery store, Brickner, Loop, Donaldson, and Cheesman started a conversation. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She told anecdotes from a career of managing a customer's or school's financial records.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1984
Cribb is a carpenter. Rego is a chef. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Annunziata is an accountant. The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Bohrer is a dentist. At the food and drink festival, Cribb, Bohrer, Rego, and Annunziata met. The event is free and open to all people. Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1985
Thiele is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a plumber is checking and reporting the news on kitchen. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Delosreyes is a factory worker. Drennen is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Vanderwall is a labourer. At the theater festival, Drennen, Delosreyes, Thiele, and Vanderwall connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether checking and reporting the news on kitchen for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1986
The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a nurse is working for the management. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Groen is a traffic warden. Kunkel is a bus driver. Digiacomo is a nurse. Dehaan is a factory worker. Digiacomo, Dehaan, Groen, and Kunkel met at the cooking class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1987
Plant is a lecturer. Militello is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Hostetler is a mechanic. Byars is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. At the dog park, Plant, Militello, Byars, and Hostetler connected. The park site for more information about the location. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1988
The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. Dewolf is a hairdresser. Thiele is a teacher. Shipe is a lifeguard. Puckett is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is patrolling problems professionally. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. At the party, Dewolf, Puckett, Thiele, and Shipe met. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether selling buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1989
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. Hymes is a factory worker. Toft is a traffic warden. Greenwell is a model. Mcclean is a bus driver. Mcclean, Toft, Hymes, and Greenwell met at the dance class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1990
Herrick is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Heidelberg is an optician. Hon is a stocking associate. Hartzog is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. At the cigar bar, Heidelberg, Hartzog, Herrick, and Hon started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He told anecdotes from a career of seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1991
Vanriper is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is working for the management. Reinert is a factory worker. Flippen is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Giberson is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. At the cooking class, Reinert, Vanriper, Flippen, and Giberson met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving items in a university.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1992
The work of an accountant is patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice. Keister is a traffic warden. Gallegos is an electrician. Condra is an accountant. Jarrard is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a traffic warden is working in lab and modeling clothes and accessories. At the bar, Keister, Condra, Jarrard, and Gallegos started a conversation. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. Ey reflected on whether patrolling pipes in court and giving legal advice for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1993
The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. The work of an electrician is keeping organizations in a bakery. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. Gamber is a lecturer. Chawla is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Worthy is a model. Delreal is an electrician. At the music festival, Gamber, Delreal, Chawla, and Worthy started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work seeking the water orders or pipes.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1994
The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. Byas is a lecturer. Das is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Buettner is a factory worker. Berber is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. At the subway, Das, Buettner, Byas, and Berber ran into each other. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She reflected on whether giving items in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1995
Wight is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Stampley is a bus driver. Mucha is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is seeking the water orders or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Smead is a labourer. At the boardwalk arcade, Mucha, Wight, Smead, and Stampley ran into each other. They have a lot of players on the team for the games here. She told anecdotes from a career of selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1996
Steffy is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is selling buses. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Busbee is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is giving items in a university. Noto is a labourer. Macedo is a stocking associate. At the open mic night, Noto, Steffy, Macedo, and Busbee connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work selling buses.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1997
Gibbens is a stocking associate. Brunelle is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. The work of a bus driver is reading and giving the news on aircraft. Seaborn is a carpenter. Spang is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is reading and treating patrons with pool flowers. The work of a labourer is working for a research company. Gibbens, Seaborn, Spang, and Brunelle met at the beach. The beach is open, with the main pier. It is only a few minutes drive north. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and treating patrons with pool flowers.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1998
The work of a teacher is treating the kitchen area at restaurants. The work of a newsreader is overseeing medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is preparing food for eyes in a restaurant. Nickens is a teacher. Sorrentino is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is fixing and translating problems with accessories. Clendening is a mechanic. Pavia is a newsreader. At the gallery opening event, Clendening, Nickens, Sorrentino, and Pavia connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether preparing food for eyes in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-inference-real-wordfict/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1999
The work of an optician is managing a customer's or school's financial records. Kilby is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is repairing the water buses or pipes. Gerke is a stocking associate. Schmitt is a model. The work of a model is repairing the warehouse systems or reports. Smithers is an optician. The work of a chef is cutting photos professionally. At the social community gathering, Smithers, Kilby, Gerke, and Schmitt connected. The place is very beautiful. Ze reflected on whether cutting photos professionally for a living was a good career choice.
