kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:0
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Fuhr is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hamrick is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pickle is a nurse. Loving is a teacher. At the rideshare, Fuhr, Pickle, Loving, and Hamrick connected. Public transports are eco-friendly. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Milliner is a nurse. Monreal is an optician. Friedel is a carpenter. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Corlew is a traffic warden. At the cooking class, Friedel, Monreal, Milliner, and Corlew connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:2
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Saeteurn is a bus driver. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Witman is a chef. Levinson is a nurse. Feher is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the music festival, Saeteurn, Witman, Levinson, and Feher connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:3
Schoonover is an optician. Gao is a traffic warden. Nevels is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Nolley is a carpenter. At the cooking class, Gao, Nolley, Nevels, and Schoonover ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. Ze reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:4
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Nilsson is a newsreader. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Nevels is a model. Kraemer is a traffic warden. Kitchen is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the beer making classes, Kitchen, Kraemer, Nilsson, and Nevels ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:5
Lechner is a dentist. Ono is a newsreader. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gillett is a factory worker. Peek is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Peek, Lechner, Gillett, and Ono met at the crossfit class. Classes provide fun and challenge. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:6
Rall is a traffic warden. Lumpkin is a teacher. Poor is a dentist. Gaudreau is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the cooking class, Rall, Gaudreau, Lumpkin, and Poor connected. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:7
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Lumpkin is a teacher. Diller is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Chee is a dentist. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Nottingham is a model. At the charity run, Lumpkin, Chee, Nottingham, and Diller met. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:8
Philbin is a stocking associate. Steffy is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ganley is a mechanic. Tincher is a lifeguard. At the concert, Steffy, Tincher, Philbin, and Ganley met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:9
Eye is a stocking associate. Bazile is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bundy is an optician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Scates is a factory worker. At the bar, Bundy, Eye, Scates, and Bazile started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:10
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Melville is a chef. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Munn is a teacher. Walther is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Palmatier is a plumber. At the beach, Palmatier, Munn, Walther, and Melville ran into each other. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:11
Thakkar is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hollifield is an optician. Alcantar is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Martines is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the sports bar, Thakkar, Martines, Hollifield, and Alcantar met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:12
Astudillo is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Blundell is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Stigall is a carpenter. More is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the charity run, Stigall, Blundell, Astudillo, and More ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:13
Suhr is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Evenson is a plumber. Birdsong is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Ziemer is an electrician. At the music festival, Birdsong, Suhr, Ziemer, and Evenson ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:14
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Popham is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Dixson is an optician. Lahey is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Baggett is a factory worker. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the dog park, Popham, Lahey, Baggett, and Dixson started a conversation. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:15
Westra is a plumber. Turnbow is a lecturer. Larabee is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Bodnar is a teacher. Westra, Bodnar, Turnbow, and Larabee met at the alumni event. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:16
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ardis is a traffic warden. Zamarron is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Shobe is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lax is a newsreader. Shobe, Lax, Zamarron, and Ardis met at the crossfit class. The class is fun! She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:17
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Helmick is a factory worker. Stoudt is a carpenter. Stolle is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Reneau is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the bar, Helmick, Reneau, Stoudt, and Stolle connected. The place was crowded. Ze reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:18
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Breunig is a stocking associate. Tressler is a mechanic. Meyers is a traffic warden. Blakeney is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the rock climbing gym, Meyers, Breunig, Tressler, and Blakeney connected. It's a perfect place to get a new look. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:19
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Strawn is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Thakkar is an accountant. Jemison is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Capobianco is a lecturer. At the ski resort party, Jemison, Thakkar, Capobianco, and Strawn connected. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:20
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Creasy is an electrician. Poplin is a factory worker. Lau is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Eves is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lau, Creasy, Poplin, and Eves met at the high intensity class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:21
Gilliland is an electrician. Munoz is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Blackford is a model. Liggett is a dentist. Munoz, Blackford, Liggett, and Gilliland met at the social community gathering. It is important to work together. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:22
Badgett is a factory worker. Mendivil is a bus driver. Wilmes is an optician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Basso is a model. Wilmes, Basso, Mendivil, and Badgett met at the hotel. The atmosphere was nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:23
Fein is a labourer. Rhein is a chef. Kolodziej is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Elsayed is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the commuter bus, Fein, Kolodziej, Rhein, and Elsayed started a conversation. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:24
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sannicolas is a chef. Hollingsworth is an electrician. Josephs is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Ney is a teacher. At the open mic night, Josephs, Sannicolas, Hollingsworth, and Ney started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:25
Anguiano is a dentist. Schillinger is a chef. Fein is an accountant. Lengacher is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the design expo, Fein, Anguiano, Lengacher, and Schillinger ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:26
Duhart is an accountant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Foltz is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lema is a dentist. Wessel is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the concert, Lema, Foltz, Duhart, and Wessel connected. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:27
Holdren is a model. Langan is a carpenter. Viator is a plumber. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Himes is an optician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the cooking class, Holdren, Viator, Himes, and Langan started a conversation. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:28
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Chaves is an electrician. Mccurdy is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Forth is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Trost is a lifeguard. At the new year party, Chaves, Trost, Forth, and Mccurdy met. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:29
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Oliveras is a labourer. Loewen is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Trillo is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Broadwater is a chef. At the design expo, Oliveras, Broadwater, Loewen, and Trillo met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:30
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Windom is an optician. Bustos is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Escandon is a model. Armstrong is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the hotel, Armstrong, Escandon, Bustos, and Windom started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:31
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Adkison is a labourer. Tucci is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Dorton is a traffic warden. Hollman is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the gallery opening event, Hollman, Adkison, Tucci, and Dorton started a conversation. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:32
Helfer is a model. Nitta is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Glazer is a dentist. Ryman is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the dog park, Glazer, Ryman, Helfer, and Nitta ran into each other. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:33
Eckenrode is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mcinerney is an electrician. Brinkman is an accountant. Kleven is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the ski resort party, Brinkman, Mcinerney, Eckenrode, and Kleven started a conversation. The party is also filled by the band. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:34
Fitz is a labourer. Whisman is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Pritchard is an electrician. Recinos is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the library, Fitz, Recinos, Pritchard, and Whisman met. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:35
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Basu is a lecturer. Jasinski is a teacher. Walch is a traffic warden. Garbarino is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the subway, Walch, Garbarino, Jasinski, and Basu met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:36
Boler is a nurse. Lopes is a dentist. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Cepeda is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Honig is a labourer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Cepeda, Honig, Boler, and Lopes met at the music and art festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:37
Leasure is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Tobon is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Blagg is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Fung is an electrician. At the french class, Blagg, Tobon, Fung, and Leasure started a conversation. Classes teach new things every week. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:38
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Brame is a traffic warden. Dock is an optician. Carabajal is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Htoo is a teacher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the public park, Brame, Dock, Carabajal, and Htoo ran into each other. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:39
Armour is a traffic warden. Leiva is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ensminger is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Tijerina is a mechanic. At the dog park, Leiva, Armour, Tijerina, and Ensminger met. We have some nice white rabbits here too. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:40
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kwiatkowski is a labourer. Hauck is a lecturer. Drapeau is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Harjo is a model. At the fundraiser, Hauck, Drapeau, Kwiatkowski, and Harjo met. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:41
Godines is a mechanic. Collis is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Steinman is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hinkle is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the hotel, Godines, Steinman, Hinkle, and Collis met. One of the few spots for everyone. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:42
Shaner is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Tischler is a teacher. Mckinstry is an electrician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Crump is a plumber. At the open mic night, Shaner, Crump, Mckinstry, and Tischler connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:43
Hunley is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Manna is a lifeguard. Shull is a stocking associate. Kasprzak is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the cooking class, Kasprzak, Shull, Hunley, and Manna started a conversation. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:44
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Iqbal is a hairdresser. Keys is an accountant. Subia is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Marburger is an optician. At the music festival, Subia, Keys, Marburger, and Iqbal started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:45
Coletti is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Severns is a hairdresser. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Nokes is a carpenter. Tourville is an accountant. Tourville, Nokes, Coletti, and Severns met at the french class. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:46
Iler is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Fresquez is a model. Arocha is a bus driver. Lubin is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the music and art festival, Lubin, Iler, Arocha, and Fresquez met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:47
Perezgarcia is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Cude is a teacher. Lowman is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Odaniel is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the ski resort party, Perezgarcia, Odaniel, Lowman, and Cude ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:48
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Breazeale is a lifeguard. Delafuente is an electrician. Shirey is an accountant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Marmon is a plumber. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the local talk, Shirey, Delafuente, Marmon, and Breazeale ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:49
Persson is a dentist. Kaufmann is a newsreader. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Likens is an electrician. Carrion is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Carrion, Kaufmann, Persson, and Likens met at the sports bar. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:50
Figueroa is a teacher. Fink is a newsreader. Yau is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Feeney is a nurse. Figueroa, Feeney, Yau, and Fink met at the beach. The beach is filled with people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:51
Kinlaw is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mendosa is a factory worker. Brouwer is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Candia is a mechanic. At the sports bar, Mendosa, Brouwer, Candia, and Kinlaw started a conversation. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:52
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gorby is a plumber. Fofana is a newsreader. Rusch is a stocking associate. Daub is a dentist. At the market, Fofana, Rusch, Daub, and Gorby ran into each other. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:53
Portwood is a newsreader. Martens is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lor is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dufresne is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the music and art festival, Portwood, Dufresne, Lor, and Martens started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:54
Moseley is a traffic warden. Hallinan is a bus driver. Kirchner is an accountant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Zepp is a dentist. At the rock climbing gym, Hallinan, Kirchner, Zepp, and Moseley ran into each other. The gym is open until 10:00 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:55
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lambright is a dentist. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hutchison is a carpenter. Mahr is a labourer. Bosarge is a lecturer. At the local talk, Lambright, Bosarge, Hutchison, and Mahr started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:56
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Rascon is a chef. Langan is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Zawacki is a factory worker. Wyrick is a bus driver. Rascon, Wyrick, Zawacki, and Langan met at the cooking class. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:57
Prall is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Stivers is a chef. Seger is a newsreader. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Odowd is a model. At the commuter bus, Seger, Stivers, Odowd, and Prall ran into each other. Public transports are eco-friendly. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:58
Whittemore is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kellogg is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Villacorta is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Deberry is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the music and art festival, Kellogg, Villacorta, Whittemore, and Deberry met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:59
Woodward is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Riggan is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Toth is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Coil is a labourer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the food festival, Coil, Riggan, Woodward, and Toth met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:60
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Cabrales is an accountant. Trieu is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Jarrard is a factory worker. Linger is a lecturer. At the high intensity class, Linger, Jarrard, Cabrales, and Trieu connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:61
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Halliburton is a traffic warden. Stoner is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Omalley is a mechanic. Pellegrino is a labourer. At the open mic night, Omalley, Stoner, Pellegrino, and Halliburton ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:62
Wellborn is a lecturer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Seger is a chef. Hendren is a mechanic. Bazzi is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wellborn, Hendren, Bazzi, and Seger met at the gallery opening event. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:63
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Brasher is an optician. Misner is a bus driver. Tillett is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Ratley is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the hotel, Misner, Brasher, Tillett, and Ratley ran into each other. The coffee tea is great. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:64
Stamand is a dentist. Mier is a chef. Acheson is a teacher. Appling is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the social community gathering, Appling, Acheson, Stamand, and Mier started a conversation. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. Ze reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:65
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Goldsmith is a hairdresser. Touchstone is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Turcotte is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Sutphin is a chef. Sutphin, Turcotte, Goldsmith, and Touchstone met at the high intensity class. This class has amazing outcomes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:66
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Horney is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Alfaro is a labourer. Abebe is an electrician. Pitts is a model. At the local talk, Horney, Pitts, Abebe, and Alfaro connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:67
Wiltse is an accountant. Fisk is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Enriquez is an optician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Jaimes is a dentist. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the beach, Fisk, Wiltse, Enriquez, and Jaimes connected. The beach is very beautiful. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:68
Bickett is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Vialpando is a factory worker. Tabron is a model. Rast is a traffic warden. At the crossfit class, Bickett, Tabron, Vialpando, and Rast ran into each other. The class is fun! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:69
Falconer is a chef. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hook is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Falvey is an optician. Dargan is a dentist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hook, Dargan, Falconer, and Falvey met at the sports bar. The coffee tea is great. Ze told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:70
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Ronk is a plumber. Mossman is an optician. Spurrier is a bus driver. Weeks is a newsreader. Ronk, Spurrier, Mossman, and Weeks met at the rideshare. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:71
Feldt is a factory worker. Raye is a plumber. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Recio is a model. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Wolter is a newsreader. At the local talk, Feldt, Raye, Recio, and Wolter met. It is open to the public. They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:72
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Poplin is a chef. Scherr is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stach is an accountant. Oliveira is a carpenter. At the sports bar, Scherr, Poplin, Oliveira, and Stach started a conversation. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:73
Golightly is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hoggard is an optician. Rieder is a lifeguard. Lavalle is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the french class, Hoggard, Lavalle, Rieder, and Golightly met. Classes are well organized. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:74
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sandford is a mechanic. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Germann is a chef. Sharkey is a lifeguard. Valdes is an optician. At the charity car wash, Sandford, Germann, Valdes, and Sharkey connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:75
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Racine is an accountant. Gaiser is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Tullis is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Milewski is a model. At the gallery opening event, Tullis, Milewski, Racine, and Gaiser started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:76
Fagan is a teacher. Glazer is a plumber. Kurowski is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sin is a nurse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the fundraiser, Fagan, Sin, Glazer, and Kurowski started a conversation. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:77
Labbe is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wooden is a lecturer. Duck is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Menefee is a hairdresser. Labbe, Duck, Wooden, and Menefee met at the crossfit class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:78
Minix is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Minter is a plumber. Benavidez is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Donegan is an accountant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the market, Benavidez, Minter, Minix, and Donegan connected. The market is open to all genders and ages. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:79
Paquin is a lecturer. Fryer is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Volkert is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Engels is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the gallery opening event, Paquin, Volkert, Engels, and Fryer ran into each other. It is open to the public. They reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:80
Wold is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mcbride is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Silva is a hairdresser. Mader is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the beach, Mcbride, Wold, Silva, and Mader connected. The beach is so warm and so peaceful that one does not need to hide. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:81
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Aliff is an electrician. Brizendine is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Langlais is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Ono is a newsreader. Brizendine, Langlais, Aliff, and Ono met at the beer making classes. The class is extremely motivating. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:82
Collazo is a chef. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Rothwell is a mechanic. Herrick is an optician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wirick is a nurse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the crossfit class, Wirick, Collazo, Rothwell, and Herrick started a conversation. Classes are well organized. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:83
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sliger is a nurse. Mccalister is an electrician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Brune is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fonville is a hairdresser. At the new year party, Mccalister, Sliger, Fonville, and Brune connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:84
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Clapper is an optician. Calles is a mechanic. Tieu is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Smithers is a nurse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the power yoga class, Calles, Smithers, Tieu, and Clapper ran into each other. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:85
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Lawing is a dentist. Allbright is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mayhugh is a factory worker. Hairston is a teacher. At the open mic night, Allbright, Mayhugh, Hairston, and Lawing met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:86
Hollingsworth is an accountant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Zamarron is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Locklear is a plumber. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sanfilippo is a bus driver. At the cooking class, Sanfilippo, Locklear, Hollingsworth, and Zamarron connected. The class has interesting sessions. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:87
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mcgough is an accountant. Zagorski is a dentist. Varnum is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Shimizu is a plumber. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the dog park, Zagorski, Shimizu, Mcgough, and Varnum started a conversation. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:88
Myatt is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Duda is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Knarr is a nurse. Rothschild is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the public park, Myatt, Rothschild, Knarr, and Duda connected. The dogs here are lovely. Ze told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:89
Mingo is an optician. Hatchett is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Zubia is a newsreader. Vansickle is a labourer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the volunteer work, Zubia, Hatchett, Vansickle, and Mingo started a conversation. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:90
Mehaffey is a model. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Munden is a mechanic. Kirkendall is an electrician. Kuchta is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the social community gathering, Kirkendall, Mehaffey, Munden, and Kuchta connected. The service is what all the people have been working to do. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:91
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Brassfield is an optician. Hoffmann is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Matheny is a traffic warden. Wulff is a model. Matheny, Brassfield, Wulff, and Hoffmann met at the music festival. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:92
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Maloof is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Deal is a carpenter. Diller is a stocking associate. Cazarez is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Cazarez, Diller, Deal, and Maloof met at the beach. For years, there was very little activity to this point in the sand of the beach, and now it's all but empty. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:93
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Heist is a labourer. Rogowski is a carpenter. Clinger is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rein is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the bar, Heist, Clinger, Rogowski, and Rein ran into each other. The beer is excellent. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:94
Kiehl is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Alfaro is a dentist. Boatner is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Corlew is a factory worker. At the food festival, Alfaro, Kiehl, Boatner, and Corlew connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ze told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:95
Rushing is a nurse. Linn is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Baccus is an electrician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Overman is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the music festival, Rushing, Baccus, Linn, and Overman met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:96
Goehring is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Betts is a model. Roquemore is a stocking associate. Sutphin is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the power yoga class, Sutphin, Betts, Goehring, and Roquemore started a conversation. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:97
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Masuda is a stocking associate. Gilstrap is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Meraz is a chef. Thorp is a lifeguard. Thorp, Gilstrap, Masuda, and Meraz met at the dog park. There are different varieties of plants here! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:98
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brunswick is a lecturer. Cork is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fite is a plumber. Mollett is a newsreader. Fite, Mollett, Cork, and Brunswick met at the gallery opening event. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:99
Maza is a factory worker. Tow is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bourne is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Still is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the music and art festival, Tow, Maza, Bourne, and Still met. A large number of people attend these events. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:100
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rackley is a labourer. Dahlberg is a chef. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Stelzer is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rangel is a dentist. Rangel, Rackley, Stelzer, and Dahlberg met at the french class. Classes teach new things every week. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:101
Grimm is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Speight is a teacher. Osowski is a nurse. Antonucci is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the local talk, Osowski, Grimm, Antonucci, and Speight met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:102
Wagers is a teacher. Rohrer is a dentist. Hanger is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Amato is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the public park, Rohrer, Wagers, Hanger, and Amato ran into each other. The park looks nice. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:103
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Makela is a model. Lumpkin is a labourer. Mallard is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mccausland is a plumber. Lumpkin, Mccausland, Makela, and Mallard met at the power yoga class. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:104
Krishnan is a dentist. Jaramillo is a model. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Rusch is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcglothin is a hairdresser. At the open mic night, Rusch, Jaramillo, Krishnan, and Mcglothin ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:105
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Glazier is a stocking associate. Grate is a carpenter. Bakke is a plumber. Lightner is an optician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the public park, Lightner, Grate, Bakke, and Glazier started a conversation. The park is good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:106
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Obryant is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Nurse is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Funk is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Booze is a newsreader. At the beer making classes, Booze, Funk, Obryant, and Nurse met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:107
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Levario is an optician. Gratton is a nurse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Householder is a labourer. Zellers is a bus driver. At the power yoga class, Householder, Gratton, Levario, and Zellers connected. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:108
Hibbard is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Bester is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Weakland is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Betz is a labourer. At the charity car wash, Hibbard, Weakland, Betz, and Bester connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:109
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Chasteen is an accountant. Krull is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Marler is a plumber. Dockery is a newsreader. At the alumni event, Krull, Chasteen, Marler, and Dockery ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:110
Hillard is an electrician. Wanner is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Min is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Obryant is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the new year party, Wanner, Obryant, Min, and Hillard connected. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:111
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Leonardi is an electrician. Sova is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Padron is a traffic warden. Dunfee is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Padron, Dunfee, Leonardi, and Sova met at the beach. The beach is very beautiful. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:112
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Delvillar is a lecturer. Moler is a stocking associate. Mahone is a hairdresser. Meadors is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the charity run, Moler, Meadors, Mahone, and Delvillar ran into each other. The city is a great place to find something to do. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:113
Rangel is a carpenter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Alvardo is a bus driver. Lederer is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Boswell is a chef. Lederer, Rangel, Boswell, and Alvardo met at the sports bar. It is a cool place to hang out. They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:114
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lassen is a model. Letendre is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bainter is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cuello is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the fundraiser, Letendre, Cuello, Bainter, and Lassen met. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:115
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gault is a nurse. Schober is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Zukowski is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Boggess is a plumber. Zukowski, Gault, Schober, and Boggess met at the market. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:116
Meister is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Neves is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lipsky is a model. Buser is a nurse. At the library, Lipsky, Meister, Neves, and Buser started a conversation. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. Ze told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:117
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Clore is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Anguiano is a newsreader. Lukens is a teacher. Hightower is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the library, Hightower, Clore, Anguiano, and Lukens met. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:118
Bae is a dentist. Bey is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lengacher is a hairdresser. Schaff is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the dog park, Schaff, Lengacher, Bae, and Bey met. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. Ze reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:119
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Helms is a hairdresser. Holding is a stocking associate. Grimm is a labourer. Mcmullen is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the market, Helms, Mcmullen, Holding, and Grimm met. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:120
Koon is a lifeguard. Tune is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Schlosser is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Swinton is a teacher. At the music and art festival, Swinton, Tune, Koon, and Schlosser met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:121
Magallanes is a newsreader. Baek is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Pascua is a mechanic. Speight is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the cooking class, Magallanes, Pascua, Baek, and Speight met. The class is fun! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:122
Sao is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gonsalez is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Christianson is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Trost is a carpenter. At the market, Sao, Trost, Christianson, and Gonsalez met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:123
Snedeker is a chef. Vrabel is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Amburgey is a mechanic. Wein is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the charity car wash, Snedeker, Vrabel, Wein, and Amburgey met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:124
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Losoya is a carpenter. Buckwalter is an optician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Earles is a lifeguard. Gingras is a nurse. Gingras, Buckwalter, Losoya, and Earles met at the concert. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:125
Waggoner is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Woosley is an electrician. Dula is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Gadsden is an accountant. At the beer making classes, Gadsden, Woosley, Waggoner, and Dula met. Classes provide fun and challenge. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:126
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Earp is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Canedo is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Giacalone is a chef. Demaio is an optician. At the hotel, Canedo, Earp, Demaio, and Giacalone met. The place was crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:127
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Paradis is a nurse. Creasy is an optician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ip is an accountant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Asberry is a traffic warden. At the charity run, Asberry, Paradis, Ip, and Creasy connected. The city is a great place to find something to do. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:128
Harber is a carpenter. Quintanilla is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Arango is a hairdresser. Chitwood is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beer making classes, Quintanilla, Arango, Chitwood, and Harber connected. Classes are well organized. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:129
Ponte is a hairdresser. Bravo is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Robichaux is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Saylors is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the ski resort party, Ponte, Bravo, Saylors, and Robichaux met. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. Ey told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:130
Smead is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Wysocki is an optician. Manchester is a mechanic. Prasad is a stocking associate. Prasad, Smead, Manchester, and Wysocki met at the fundraiser. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:131
Brandenburg is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Segovia is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mattoon is a nurse. Alamillo is a carpenter. Segovia, Alamillo, Brandenburg, and Mattoon met at the local talk. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:132
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Flanigan is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ballesteros is an electrician. Vass is a lecturer. Nord is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Nord, Ballesteros, Vass, and Flanigan met at the hotel. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:133
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Trosper is a factory worker. Bratton is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Larkins is an electrician. Sisco is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the design expo, Trosper, Bratton, Sisco, and Larkins connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:134
Barkley is a newsreader. Lo is a chef. Burks is a bus driver. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hoyos is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Burks, Barkley, Hoyos, and Lo met at the public park. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:135
Vangorder is a bus driver. Gibbens is a newsreader. Western is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kushner is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the volunteer work, Vangorder, Western, Kushner, and Gibbens connected. Volunteering also takes energy to work together to improve the health, environment, and economic well - being of our country. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:136
Deal is a traffic warden. Bottoms is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bergman is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mcginley is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the hotel, Mcginley, Bergman, Deal, and Bottoms connected. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:137
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Najar is a nurse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mixon is a chef. Dant is an optician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Keough is a labourer. At the beer making classes, Mixon, Dant, Keough, and Najar ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. They reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:138
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Keever is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Gatti is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dattilo is a labourer. Livengood is a factory worker. Dattilo, Keever, Gatti, and Livengood met at the sports bar. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:139
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Pittman is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Steinhauer is an accountant. Higa is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bowker is a newsreader. At the market, Steinhauer, Higa, Bowker, and Pittman met. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:140
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Sonntag is a bus driver. Pouliot is a hairdresser. Helfer is a carpenter. Kimmel is an accountant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the cooking class, Pouliot, Kimmel, Sonntag, and Helfer ran into each other. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:141
Aurand is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Millington is a stocking associate. Hamrick is a dentist. Gillen is a nurse. At the open mic night, Gillen, Aurand, Millington, and Hamrick started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:142
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Hafner is a labourer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dockins is an optician. Garofalo is an electrician. Teer is a traffic warden. At the gallery opening event, Garofalo, Hafner, Dockins, and Teer met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:143
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Sangster is a carpenter. Sheard is a chef. Ortego is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Andes is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the alumni event, Andes, Sheard, Sangster, and Ortego ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:144
Mauck is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Provencher is a carpenter. Tourville is an accountant. Stickle is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the open mic night, Tourville, Provencher, Mauck, and Stickle ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:145
Maske is an optician. Soltis is a model. Hole is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Weekes is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the crossfit class, Soltis, Weekes, Hole, and Maske ran into each other. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:146
Hucks is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rivenbark is an optician. Beeson is an electrician. Wolcott is a nurse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the music festival, Wolcott, Beeson, Rivenbark, and Hucks ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:147
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Subia is a plumber. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Holyfield is a carpenter. Futch is an electrician. Guilford is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the music and art festival, Guilford, Futch, Holyfield, and Subia started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:148
Cullison is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mellon is a nurse. Hooten is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fillion is a lifeguard. At the beer making classes, Hooten, Cullison, Fillion, and Mellon connected. Classes are well organized. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:149
Gadson is a labourer. Newhouse is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rentschler is an accountant. Burchell is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the gallery opening event, Rentschler, Newhouse, Gadson, and Burchell ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:150
Salley is a nurse. Kurth is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Whittington is a traffic warden. Rosenberry is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the trivia night, Kurth, Rosenberry, Whittington, and Salley met. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:151
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mefford is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Adkinson is a nurse. Pinkney is a dentist. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Donis is a chef. At the crossfit class, Pinkney, Donis, Adkinson, and Mefford started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:152
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Boggess is a traffic warden. Sunderland is a lifeguard. Gartland is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Luevano is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the library, Luevano, Boggess, Gartland, and Sunderland ran into each other. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:153
Benefiel is an accountant. Hurlbert is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Reser is a stocking associate. Helsel is a dentist. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the music festival, Benefiel, Helsel, Reser, and Hurlbert met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:154
Woodruff is a factory worker. Goodlett is a nurse. Partee is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Tufts is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the music festival, Woodruff, Goodlett, Tufts, and Partee met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:155
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Sze is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Vogel is a chef. Tope is a factory worker. Liverman is an accountant. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the beer making classes, Tope, Vogel, Sze, and Liverman ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:156
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Krick is a mechanic. Buitrago is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Loop is a chef. Willison is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Krick, Buitrago, Loop, and Willison met at the french class. The class is fun! She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:157
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pippins is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kimes is a lecturer. Turnquist is a chef. Spade is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the power yoga class, Pippins, Turnquist, Kimes, and Spade connected. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:158
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Scates is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Padgett is an accountant. Blanc is a lifeguard. Baccus is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Blanc, Scates, Padgett, and Baccus met at the alumni event. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:159
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Harrelson is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Skowronski is a nurse. Willey is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Huskins is a chef. At the beer making classes, Harrelson, Huskins, Willey, and Skowronski started a conversation. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:160
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Schillinger is a factory worker. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Segoviano is an optician. Christman is a plumber. Antley is a lifeguard. At the cooking class, Christman, Schillinger, Antley, and Segoviano ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:161
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Herbst is a teacher. Whitesides is a factory worker. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Whitlatch is a lecturer. Roseberry is a nurse. At the new year party, Herbst, Whitesides, Whitlatch, and Roseberry met. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:162
Emberton is a hairdresser. Anguiano is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kuhlmann is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Foulks is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the subway, Foulks, Emberton, Anguiano, and Kuhlmann started a conversation. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:163
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Downer is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Harrah is a nurse. Dimeo is an electrician. Dasilva is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the rock climbing gym, Dimeo, Downer, Harrah, and Dasilva started a conversation. The gym is a great place to exercise in the winter. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:164
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Sandford is an accountant. Gain is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Stetler is a mechanic. Vicars is a model. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the ski resort party, Vicars, Stetler, Gain, and Sandford connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:165
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Eckhardt is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Hilliard is a dentist. Stockstill is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Pingel is a stocking associate. Stockstill, Hilliard, Eckhardt, and Pingel met at the beach. The beach is filled with people. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:166
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Nickelson is a lifeguard. Overbey is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Beliveau is a model. Callison is a mechanic. Nickelson, Callison, Overbey, and Beliveau met at the gallery opening event. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:167
Buckmaster is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Armas is a model. Bohr is a stocking associate. Saunders is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the cooking class, Bohr, Saunders, Buckmaster, and Armas met. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:168
Saeteurn is an accountant. Milford is a stocking associate. Suniga is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Kersey is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the fundraiser, Suniga, Milford, Kersey, and Saeteurn connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:169
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Spellman is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Grosse is a lifeguard. Bayless is a nurse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lomonaco is a traffic warden. At the commuter bus, Lomonaco, Bayless, Grosse, and Spellman connected. Public transports are eco-friendly. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:170
Johnstone is a lifeguard. Alger is a mechanic. Bormann is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Pattillo is a nurse. At the sports bar, Bormann, Johnstone, Pattillo, and Alger met. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:171
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ridings is a hairdresser. Oyer is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Rothschild is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Soileau is a dentist. Rothschild, Oyer, Ridings, and Soileau met at the volunteer work. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:172
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Giesler is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Prange is a lifeguard. Huang is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Ahern is a newsreader. At the market, Huang, Prange, Ahern, and Giesler connected. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:173
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Doody is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Buchan is a hairdresser. Rall is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hedges is a newsreader. At the market, Hedges, Buchan, Rall, and Doody ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:174
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Osgood is a lecturer. Maloof is a labourer. Cosgrove is a chef. Saltsman is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Osgood, Cosgrove, Maloof, and Saltsman met at the subway. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:175
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bahe is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Esters is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Saville is a lifeguard. Rousseau is an accountant. At the cooking class, Bahe, Esters, Saville, and Rousseau started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:176
Shuff is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Fetters is an electrician. Ruiz is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Matchett is a lecturer. At the dog park, Matchett, Ruiz, Fetters, and Shuff ran into each other. The birds are wild and hungry! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:177
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Marrone is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Templeton is a lecturer. Alderete is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cronin is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the market, Cronin, Templeton, Alderete, and Marrone met. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:178
Gross is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cadwell is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Furlow is a plumber. Krenz is a chef. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the crossfit class, Cadwell, Furlow, Gross, and Krenz connected. The class is extremely motivating. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:179
Peake is a carpenter. Howser is a newsreader. Schwab is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mebane is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the dog park, Schwab, Howser, Mebane, and Peake met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:180
Nabors is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Azevedo is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Beauford is a lecturer. Philbin is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the gallery opening event, Philbin, Beauford, Nabors, and Azevedo connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:181
Moll is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Wallick is a mechanic. Fryar is a lecturer. Flatley is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the high intensity class, Moll, Flatley, Fryar, and Wallick ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:182
Sansom is a lifeguard. Pendergast is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Zeledon is a labourer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ajayi is an optician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the subway, Ajayi, Sansom, Zeledon, and Pendergast connected. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:183
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Baggett is an optician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Wentz is a plumber. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mair is a carpenter. Burner is a newsreader. At the music festival, Wentz, Burner, Mair, and Baggett met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:184
Schuessler is a plumber. Twyman is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Reynosa is a teacher. Leach is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the charity run, Schuessler, Reynosa, Leach, and Twyman ran into each other. There is a lot of other play places on the map. They told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:185
Peeples is a newsreader. Clayborne is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Bradway is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kuster is a bus driver. At the charity run, Peeples, Bradway, Kuster, and Clayborne ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. Ze reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:186
Whitlock is a teacher. Popham is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Magoon is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Phipps is a carpenter. At the ski resort party, Popham, Whitlock, Magoon, and Phipps connected. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:187
Loch is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sholar is a teacher. Rincon is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Pfister is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the charity run, Rincon, Sholar, Loch, and Pfister started a conversation. A lot of games have many different endings. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:188
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Lung is a plumber. Volkert is a carpenter. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bratton is a model. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Elledge is a teacher. At the beer making classes, Bratton, Lung, Elledge, and Volkert ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:189
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Legault is a labourer. Ahern is a newsreader. Marriott is a factory worker. Brignac is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the yoga class, Ahern, Legault, Brignac, and Marriott ran into each other. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:190
Blomberg is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcgary is a stocking associate. Waltz is a traffic warden. Olah is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Blomberg, Mcgary, Waltz, and Olah met at the music festival. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:191
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Yochum is a bus driver. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Melnick is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Cavallaro is a chef. Mealy is an electrician. At the yoga class, Mealy, Yochum, Cavallaro, and Melnick connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:192
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Blanchard is a teacher. Neubauer is an optician. Naumann is an accountant. Luck is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the hotel, Neubauer, Naumann, Luck, and Blanchard met. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:193
Arocha is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Shinn is an electrician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rinker is a bus driver. Bruni is an optician. At the fundraiser, Shinn, Arocha, Bruni, and Rinker started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:194
Filler is a model. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Flick is a dentist. Morton is a newsreader. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Celentano is an electrician. At the cooking class, Flick, Morton, Celentano, and Filler met. It's a huge place! She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:195
Mccowan is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Moorefield is a model. Koon is a plumber. Kilgore is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the new year party, Koon, Moorefield, Mccowan, and Kilgore met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:196
Stalcup is a model. Vanslyke is a lifeguard. Fung is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hanger is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the music and art festival, Hanger, Fung, Stalcup, and Vanslyke connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:197
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Loring is a teacher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Corral is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcnett is a newsreader. Vail is a chef. At the power yoga class, Loring, Mcnett, Corral, and Vail ran into each other. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:198
Ratchford is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Costin is a mechanic. Yard is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Elswick is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the volunteer work, Yard, Elswick, Costin, and Ratchford met. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:199
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Cannella is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Strawn is a labourer. Borek is an accountant. Elsayed is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cannella, Elsayed, Borek, and Strawn met at the public park. The dogs here are lovely. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:200
Gurganus is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rosenzweig is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Stanfill is a traffic warden. Bosarge is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the open mic night, Bosarge, Gurganus, Rosenzweig, and Stanfill started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ze reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:201
Difranco is a model. Odea is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ibanez is a teacher. Borek is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the trivia night, Difranco, Ibanez, Odea, and Borek connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:202
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Saucier is a chef. Prindle is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Whidden is a lifeguard. Cardwell is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the cooking class, Prindle, Cardwell, Saucier, and Whidden ran into each other. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:203
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kuhns is an optician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Shoemake is a model. Schoonover is a lifeguard. Chauhan is a mechanic. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the new year party, Chauhan, Kuhns, Shoemake, and Schoonover ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:204
Novotny is an optician. Ketner is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Arita is a plumber. Mccurdy is a teacher. At the gallery opening event, Ketner, Novotny, Mccurdy, and Arita met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:205
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcinerney is an electrician. Pattillo is a plumber. Cao is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Drane is a newsreader. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the alumni event, Mcinerney, Drane, Cao, and Pattillo connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:206
Disanto is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Sangster is a plumber. Knights is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sanson is an accountant. Disanto, Sangster, Knights, and Sanson met at the local talk. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:207
Fettig is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Caraveo is a lecturer. Whiteford is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gallucci is a nurse. At the ski resort party, Fettig, Whiteford, Gallucci, and Caraveo ran into each other. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:208
Sexton is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Putnam is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Chee is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Trombetta is a labourer. At the ski resort party, Chee, Sexton, Putnam, and Trombetta met. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:209
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Deskins is a model. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rothe is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Basile is a newsreader. Forsyth is an electrician. At the fundraiser, Deskins, Rothe, Basile, and Forsyth started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. They told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:210
Hupp is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Engle is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ramseur is an accountant. Burgin is a lifeguard. At the open mic night, Hupp, Ramseur, Burgin, and Engle started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:211
Sauder is a lifeguard. Slavik is a lecturer. Stoltenberg is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Yoshida is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Slavik, Stoltenberg, Yoshida, and Sauder met at the cooking class. Classes provide fun and challenge. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:212
Korn is a nurse. Creasy is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bruni is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Popov is an accountant. At the gallery opening event, Popov, Korn, Creasy, and Bruni met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:213
Dehart is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Grosz is a model. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nipper is a nurse. Scurry is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the library, Dehart, Scurry, Grosz, and Nipper started a conversation. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:214
Kass is a teacher. Provencio is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Pankey is an electrician. Simpkins is a model. At the rock climbing gym, Provencio, Kass, Pankey, and Simpkins started a conversation. The men and women of all age groups are welcome at the gym! He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:215
Gambill is a factory worker. Tanaka is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Tetrault is a teacher. Gartman is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the ski resort party, Gambill, Tanaka, Tetrault, and Gartman met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. They reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:216
Futch is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Ciampa is an optician. Wadley is an accountant. Larabee is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the high intensity class, Wadley, Ciampa, Futch, and Larabee connected. The class is extremely motivating. Ze reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:217
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Head is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Somerville is a model. Burks is a stocking associate. Wash is a newsreader. At the subway, Somerville, Burks, Wash, and Head met. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:218
Harbaugh is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Stratman is a carpenter. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Cedeno is a bus driver. Brizendine is a nurse. At the food festival, Harbaugh, Brizendine, Stratman, and Cedeno started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:219
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Bevers is a teacher. Mcateer is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Fairley is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ashburn is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the music and art festival, Fairley, Ashburn, Bevers, and Mcateer connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:220
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Prewett is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bealer is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lore is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mader is a factory worker. At the gallery opening event, Bealer, Prewett, Lore, and Mader met. The event is free and open to all people. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:221
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sample is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Leduc is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Radcliff is a model. Kepple is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the cooking class, Leduc, Kepple, Radcliff, and Sample ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:222
Storer is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Panter is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Behan is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stanfill is a newsreader. Panter, Behan, Stanfill, and Storer met at the crossfit class. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:223
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Aslam is a dentist. Rushing is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Kahler is a labourer. Mclaurin is a lifeguard. At the public park, Aslam, Mclaurin, Kahler, and Rushing started a conversation. The park is beautiful. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:224
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Losoya is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Shamburger is a chef. Snoddy is a teacher. Rieger is a factory worker. At the beer making classes, Shamburger, Rieger, Snoddy, and Losoya ran into each other. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:225
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Marten is a nurse. Keesee is a labourer. Ranson is an optician. Plaster is an electrician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beach, Keesee, Marten, Plaster, and Ranson started a conversation. The beach is much cleaner than the most popular beach of the city. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:226
Streets is a factory worker. Cherian is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Newborn is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Holleran is a traffic warden. At the design expo, Streets, Holleran, Newborn, and Cherian met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:227
Bernier is a model. Alcantar is a carpenter. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Leeper is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Vaz is a lecturer. Alcantar, Vaz, Bernier, and Leeper met at the yoga class. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:228
Lomonaco is a lecturer. Gann is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fortner is a nurse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Rector is a chef. Fortner, Rector, Lomonaco, and Gann met at the charity car wash. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:229
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fiore is a hairdresser. Lathrop is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Heil is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Debolt is a carpenter. At the sports bar, Fiore, Debolt, Lathrop, and Heil connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:230
Buitrago is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Lisi is a chef. Letendre is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Westcott is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the dog park, Buitrago, Letendre, Westcott, and Lisi met. The park has a park toilet as well! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:231
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Garabedian is an accountant. Reynosa is a teacher. Wachter is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Barillas is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the local talk, Garabedian, Wachter, Reynosa, and Barillas started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:232
Farquharson is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Fogleman is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Fowlkes is a mechanic. Argo is a newsreader. At the charity run, Fowlkes, Fogleman, Argo, and Farquharson ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:233
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Valladares is a carpenter. Arellano is an optician. Canto is a model. Poulter is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the sports bar, Arellano, Poulter, Valladares, and Canto met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:234
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Schofield is an optician. Heitzman is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hoehn is an electrician. Sharkey is a factory worker. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the concert, Schofield, Heitzman, Sharkey, and Hoehn ran into each other. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:235
Gordy is an accountant. Sholar is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bellard is a plumber. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Claus is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the cooking class, Claus, Sholar, Gordy, and Bellard met. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:236
Pankey is an electrician. Grassi is a newsreader. Prunty is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Zick is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Prunty, Pankey, Grassi, and Zick met at the local talk. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:237
Manna is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lax is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Eppler is an accountant. Du is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the library, Eppler, Du, Manna, and Lax ran into each other. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:238
Chronister is a chef. Sisto is a mechanic. Bean is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Quill is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the beach, Sisto, Chronister, Bean, and Quill ran into each other. The beach is very quiet. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:239
Smythe is a carpenter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Rodgers is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Helle is a chef. Beckstead is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the dog park, Helle, Rodgers, Beckstead, and Smythe met. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:240
Hinds is an optician. Skoog is a chef. Saltsman is a bus driver. Bottom is a teacher. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the hotel, Hinds, Saltsman, Bottom, and Skoog connected. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:241
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Schnitzer is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bruton is a newsreader. Swoboda is a mechanic. Bolds is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the new year party, Schnitzer, Bruton, Bolds, and Swoboda connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:242
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Coelho is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Fix is a nurse. Basham is a lifeguard. Lepley is an accountant. Basham, Fix, Lepley, and Coelho met at the dog park. The park is very green and refreshing. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:243
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Zoller is a labourer. Hashimoto is a dentist. Gent is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brammer is a carpenter. At the alumni event, Hashimoto, Gent, Brammer, and Zoller started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:244
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mounts is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lombardo is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Chappel is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Alamo is a carpenter. Chappel, Alamo, Lombardo, and Mounts met at the local talk. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:245
Fout is a model. Noh is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Golding is a lecturer. Iqbal is an electrician. At the rideshare, Iqbal, Noh, Golding, and Fout started a conversation. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:246
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bruneau is a stocking associate. Sotelo is a nurse. Irizarry is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pinon is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the music festival, Bruneau, Irizarry, Sotelo, and Pinon started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:247
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Crotts is an accountant. Spratley is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Beaudet is a mechanic. Tedford is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the new year party, Tedford, Spratley, Beaudet, and Crotts ran into each other. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:248
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Landman is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Uhler is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Faulkenberry is a model. Sonntag is a teacher. At the concert, Uhler, Landman, Faulkenberry, and Sonntag ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:249
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rollo is a plumber. Zirkle is a dentist. Mcreynolds is a mechanic. Medford is a model. At the crossfit class, Rollo, Medford, Zirkle, and Mcreynolds connected. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ey reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:250
Easterday is a carpenter. Grasso is a teacher. Bastin is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mastro is a traffic warden. At the commuter bus, Grasso, Bastin, Mastro, and Easterday met. The public transports are public. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:251
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Grate is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Stillman is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Stowers is a plumber. Rieger is a factory worker. At the rock climbing gym, Stowers, Stillman, Rieger, and Grate ran into each other. Going to a gym is the best idea to just focus on fitness goals. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:252
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Laguna is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Roberson is an optician. Sorto is a hairdresser. Maupin is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the local talk, Roberson, Laguna, Maupin, and Sorto started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:253
Luu is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Gupton is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Ressler is a stocking associate. Schermerhorn is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the dog park, Luu, Schermerhorn, Gupton, and Ressler connected. The picnic line is very short in this park. Ze reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:254
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fort is a dentist. Bufkin is an accountant. Porras is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Rayborn is a plumber. At the gallery opening event, Fort, Bufkin, Porras, and Rayborn ran into each other. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:255
Mattei is an electrician. Mccullough is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lung is a plumber. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Rosero is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the concert, Mattei, Mccullough, Rosero, and Lung ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:256
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Wicker is a mechanic. Maltby is an electrician. Murph is an accountant. Jarrard is a dentist. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the open mic night, Jarrard, Wicker, Maltby, and Murph connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:257
Roloff is a mechanic. Widner is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hartman is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Loveall is a hairdresser. At the public park, Roloff, Hartman, Widner, and Loveall connected. The dogs that play here are super cute. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:258
Tseng is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Evanoff is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Tann is a hairdresser. Schaaf is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the charity car wash, Tann, Schaaf, Evanoff, and Tseng connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:259
Robitaille is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ostlund is a hairdresser. Stebbins is a factory worker. Ju is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food festival, Stebbins, Ju, Robitaille, and Ostlund connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:260
Corado is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Keys is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Agostini is a bus driver. Prior is a lifeguard. At the hotel, Agostini, Prior, Corado, and Keys connected. The place was crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:261
Whiteside is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Doolan is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cuomo is a traffic warden. Gallant is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the bar, Cuomo, Doolan, Gallant, and Whiteside connected. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:262
Veasey is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Heimbach is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Leake is a lecturer. Culbertson is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the music and art festival, Veasey, Heimbach, Culbertson, and Leake started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:263
Monteith is a newsreader. Guardado is a carpenter. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Maker is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bartz is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the fundraiser, Monteith, Maker, Guardado, and Bartz ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:264
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Roll is a model. Rector is an accountant. Riedel is a stocking associate. Forward is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the public park, Rector, Roll, Forward, and Riedel connected. The park has a running track. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:265
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Sadowski is a newsreader. Moen is a traffic warden. Berman is a plumber. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Arp is a model. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the market, Arp, Berman, Moen, and Sadowski met. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:266
Applebaum is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Richburg is a chef. Carbonaro is a stocking associate. Hunn is a carpenter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the ski resort party, Richburg, Applebaum, Hunn, and Carbonaro started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:267
Matis is a stocking associate. Wingler is a lecturer. Hodges is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Sutphin is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the power yoga class, Wingler, Sutphin, Matis, and Hodges met. Yoga is best done in silence. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:268
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Xu is a carpenter. Milburn is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Zehnder is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Nivens is a bus driver. Zehnder, Xu, Nivens, and Milburn met at the open mic night. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:269
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hacker is a carpenter. Healey is a plumber. Gilmartin is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Shew is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the rock climbing gym, Hacker, Shew, Gilmartin, and Healey met. People can really make a lasting impression off each other at the gym! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:270
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hoel is a newsreader. Motes is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mandel is a chef. Conger is a labourer. At the food festival, Motes, Hoel, Mandel, and Conger ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:271
Shuff is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Flaherty is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mitton is a newsreader. Beirne is a stocking associate. At the alumni event, Shuff, Beirne, Mitton, and Flaherty started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:272
Mannion is a traffic warden. Singh is a plumber. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ladwig is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Swanberg is a dentist. Swanberg, Mannion, Ladwig, and Singh met at the new year party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:273
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Earwood is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Schweitzer is a nurse. Running is an accountant. Koller is a labourer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Koller, Earwood, Schweitzer, and Running met at the sports bar. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:274
Cayton is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Magill is a lecturer. Hentz is a dentist. Elsayed is a model. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the market, Hentz, Elsayed, Cayton, and Magill ran into each other. The market is still in the early stages of finding out what's best. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:275
Holdsworth is a model. Shao is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gonsales is a plumber. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Immel is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the ski resort party, Immel, Holdsworth, Gonsales, and Shao connected. The party is free entry for everyone. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:276
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Seibel is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hazelton is a labourer. Bilderback is a newsreader. Leonardi is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the alumni event, Seibel, Hazelton, Bilderback, and Leonardi ran into each other. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:277
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bernhardt is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Confer is a lecturer. Antuna is an accountant. Foran is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the trivia night, Foran, Confer, Antuna, and Bernhardt met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:278
Coyle is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bohanon is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Stefanik is a model. Kaul is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the social community gathering, Kaul, Stefanik, Coyle, and Bohanon started a conversation. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:279
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Kea is a dentist. Stills is a newsreader. Cowgill is a teacher. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Candler is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Candler, Kea, Cowgill, and Stills met. Public transports are eco-friendly. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:280
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Brodersen is a plumber. Wichman is a chef. Hewes is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Agnew is a nurse. At the local talk, Brodersen, Agnew, Wichman, and Hewes started a conversation. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:281
Deeb is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ahlers is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Puga is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Spratley is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the social community gathering, Ahlers, Spratley, Puga, and Deeb connected. It is a place of faith. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:282
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hammon is a labourer. Seiler is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Peek is a traffic warden. Pellegrino is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the bar, Peek, Pellegrino, Hammon, and Seiler connected. The coffee tastes good. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:283
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hentz is a factory worker. Gibby is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tedder is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gilliland is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the charity run, Gibby, Tedder, Gilliland, and Hentz started a conversation. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:284
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hatchell is a stocking associate. Vanderploeg is an accountant. Pinales is an optician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Tovar is a traffic warden. At the beach, Hatchell, Tovar, Pinales, and Vanderploeg started a conversation. The ocean is peaceful. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:285
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Touchstone is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Demott is a plumber. Byington is an accountant. Scheib is an electrician. At the alumni event, Byington, Demott, Touchstone, and Scheib met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:286
Russo is a factory worker. Brenes is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Schrader is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Solari is an optician. Schrader, Solari, Russo, and Brenes met at the new year party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. Ey reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:287
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Knipe is a newsreader. Hoel is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cotten is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Olivares is a hairdresser. At the commuter bus, Olivares, Cotten, Hoel, and Knipe met. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:288
Wein is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hinrichs is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Weeks is a model. Kowalik is a hairdresser. At the subway, Hinrichs, Weeks, Kowalik, and Wein met. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. Ey reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:289
Leming is a mechanic. Hurlburt is a stocking associate. Glazier is an optician. Pillai is a nurse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the ski resort party, Leming, Pillai, Glazier, and Hurlburt started a conversation. The party is also filled by the band. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:290
Palo is a teacher. Swingle is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pardue is a lifeguard. Spicer is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the bar, Palo, Spicer, Pardue, and Swingle started a conversation. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:291
Conover is a model. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mailloux is a carpenter. Motes is a plumber. Guernsey is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the french class, Mailloux, Motes, Conover, and Guernsey ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:292
Hatmaker is a labourer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cayton is a teacher. Leclaire is a chef. Hadaway is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hadaway, Leclaire, Cayton, and Hatmaker met at the public park. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:293
Spina is an accountant. Avallone is a bus driver. Munos is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Gale is a newsreader. At the new year party, Spina, Munos, Gale, and Avallone connected. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:294
Mcintosh is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Lynd is a stocking associate. Tallman is a bus driver. Loo is an electrician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the wedding, Tallman, Lynd, Mcintosh, and Loo ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:295
Wulff is a teacher. Loch is a plumber. Lavalle is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Kreps is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Wulff, Loch, Kreps, and Lavalle met at the power yoga class. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:296
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Man is a lecturer. Matheny is a traffic warden. Nourse is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rigsby is a chef. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Man, Rigsby, Matheny, and Nourse connected. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:297
Scroggins is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Neubauer is a plumber. Culbertson is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fernandes is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the music festival, Scroggins, Neubauer, Culbertson, and Fernandes connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:298
Outten is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Diblasi is a plumber. Enyart is a newsreader. Stankiewicz is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the sports bar, Enyart, Outten, Stankiewicz, and Diblasi met. The coffee tea is great. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:299
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Chirino is a traffic warden. Guill is a labourer. Cosgrove is a lifeguard. Brewington is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Brewington, Guill, Chirino, and Cosgrove met at the food festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:300
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Busick is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dandridge is a newsreader. Jarnagin is a lifeguard. Stringfield is a bus driver. At the yoga class, Busick, Dandridge, Stringfield, and Jarnagin connected. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:301
Dorado is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Chmura is a bus driver. Fudge is a newsreader. Jerez is a traffic warden. Jerez, Chmura, Fudge, and Dorado met at the rock climbing gym. The gym is also a great way to get to know each other. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:302
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mistretta is an electrician. Hook is a hairdresser. Drinkard is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Rezac is an accountant. At the yoga class, Drinkard, Hook, Mistretta, and Rezac started a conversation. A yoga class helps live a happier life. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:303
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Roeder is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lepley is a plumber. Stricker is an electrician. Yazzie is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the volunteer work, Yazzie, Stricker, Roeder, and Lepley met. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:304
Spellman is a nurse. Biermann is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hau is a model. Knop is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the rock climbing gym, Biermann, Hau, Spellman, and Knop ran into each other. It's a small and fun place. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:305
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Wolfer is an accountant. Bellard is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mcclintic is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Ouzts is an electrician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Ouzts, Bellard, Mcclintic, and Wolfer met at the fundraiser. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:306
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Holdridge is a labourer. Aceves is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Abbate is an optician. Burks is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the public park, Aceves, Abbate, Holdridge, and Burks ran into each other. The picnic line is very short in this park. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:307
Huffer is an accountant. Ammons is a bus driver. Fetters is a mechanic. Czerwinski is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the crossfit class, Fetters, Ammons, Huffer, and Czerwinski started a conversation. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:308
Picard is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Vanauken is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Grimmett is a newsreader. Mckinnon is a traffic warden. At the fundraiser, Mckinnon, Grimmett, Vanauken, and Picard ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:309
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sturges is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Kinman is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Helfer is a dentist. Segars is a factory worker. At the gallery opening event, Kinman, Helfer, Segars, and Sturges met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:310
Mounts is a mechanic. Leader is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Guevara is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lemieux is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the dog park, Lemieux, Leader, Mounts, and Guevara ran into each other. There are different varieties of plants here! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:311
Capobianco is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hume is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Herrman is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Chirino is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the rock climbing gym, Capobianco, Hume, Herrman, and Chirino ran into each other. The gym is located on the southeast side of the campus, which runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily at Lenny's Club. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:312
Marler is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Swigart is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hole is a factory worker. Hasegawa is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hole, Hasegawa, Swigart, and Marler met at the crossfit class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:313
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Schlosser is a bus driver. Estrada is a factory worker. Gabbard is a dentist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lujan is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the new year party, Lujan, Estrada, Schlosser, and Gabbard started a conversation. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:314
Gillespie is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Nosal is a plumber. Mouser is a bus driver. Matherly is a lecturer. At the charity run, Matherly, Gillespie, Nosal, and Mouser ran into each other. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:315
Worthen is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Rocker is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Culotta is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Moran is a dentist. Moran, Culotta, Worthen, and Rocker met at the rock climbing gym. Going to a gym is the best idea to just focus on fitness goals. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:316
Oberholtzer is a labourer. Swiatek is a dentist. Sangster is a stocking associate. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Urbina is a model. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the subway, Swiatek, Oberholtzer, Sangster, and Urbina connected. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:317
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Carraway is a nurse. Belliveau is an accountant. Moye is an optician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcgahey is a labourer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Belliveau, Mcgahey, Carraway, and Moye met at the rideshare. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:318
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mclane is a chef. Oregel is a carpenter. Bax is an electrician. Kwiatkowski is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bax, Mclane, Kwiatkowski, and Oregel met at the public park. We have some nice white rabbits here too. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:319
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Soni is an optician. Peckham is a bus driver. Overstreet is a labourer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Petitt is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the beer making classes, Soni, Petitt, Overstreet, and Peckham ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:320
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bevers is a newsreader. Countryman is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fekete is a hairdresser. Bruni is a dentist. At the charity car wash, Countryman, Fekete, Bevers, and Bruni connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:321
Humes is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Speight is a mechanic. Woodhouse is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Boykin is an accountant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the rock climbing gym, Humes, Boykin, Woodhouse, and Speight met. The gym is also a haven for fitness enthusiasts. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:322
Dibble is a plumber. Pauley is a model. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Spier is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Close is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the public park, Close, Dibble, Spier, and Pauley ran into each other. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. They told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:323
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Whidden is a lifeguard. Mcdowell is a dentist. Lattimore is a teacher. Tocco is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the new year party, Tocco, Lattimore, Mcdowell, and Whidden met. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. Ze reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:324
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Maciejewski is a factory worker. Devitt is a teacher. Schmitt is a carpenter. Daher is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the library, Maciejewski, Schmitt, Devitt, and Daher connected. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:325
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Berardi is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Carreras is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Martinsen is a mechanic. Nightingale is a labourer. At the subway, Martinsen, Berardi, Carreras, and Nightingale started a conversation. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:326
Hotaling is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Braggs is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Losee is a factory worker. Zawacki is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the design expo, Braggs, Hotaling, Losee, and Zawacki connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:327
Urquhart is a stocking associate. Lipps is a traffic warden. Hinshaw is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Coghlan is a labourer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the crossfit class, Hinshaw, Coghlan, Lipps, and Urquhart ran into each other. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:328
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Belz is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Schad is a labourer. Towns is a traffic warden. Daub is a bus driver. At the crossfit class, Towns, Belz, Schad, and Daub ran into each other. This class has amazing outcomes. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:329
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Gaitan is a teacher. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Schenk is a hairdresser. Dewees is a stocking associate. Samuels is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the bar, Samuels, Dewees, Schenk, and Gaitan started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:330
Bai is a teacher. Finnell is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Featherstone is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hofstetter is a lecturer. At the ski resort party, Finnell, Bai, Featherstone, and Hofstetter connected. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:331
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Trivette is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Breazeale is a dentist. Heimbach is an optician. Halladay is a lecturer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the concert, Halladay, Trivette, Heimbach, and Breazeale started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:332
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Taranto is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lynam is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Fortenberry is a chef. Chaffin is a traffic warden. At the local talk, Lynam, Chaffin, Fortenberry, and Taranto connected. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:333
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Bealer is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Moseley is a nurse. Hulsey is a factory worker. Bloch is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bloch, Moseley, Bealer, and Hulsey met at the cooking class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. They reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:334
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bracero is a teacher. Persson is a model. Gose is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Gaffney is an optician. Bracero, Gaffney, Persson, and Gose met at the new year party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:335
Ratcliff is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Drumm is a mechanic. Fudge is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Harn is a hairdresser. At the library, Drumm, Harn, Fudge, and Ratcliff started a conversation. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:336
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Padron is a bus driver. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Telford is a lifeguard. Bolden is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Overfield is a chef. Bolden, Telford, Padron, and Overfield met at the concert. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:337
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Kivett is a plumber. Swigart is a teacher. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Barela is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Vong is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vong, Barela, Kivett, and Swigart met at the trivia night. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:338
Hatton is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Stoltzfus is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. La is a plumber. Mckeever is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the trivia night, Hatton, Stoltzfus, Mckeever, and La started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:339
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sayles is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Debusk is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Guinn is a bus driver. Koski is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the crossfit class, Guinn, Debusk, Sayles, and Koski met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:340
Drain is an accountant. Touchstone is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Radtke is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Yepes is a hairdresser. At the alumni event, Drain, Touchstone, Yepes, and Radtke connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:341
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Nabors is a lecturer. Nicholls is a lifeguard. Mellon is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Turnbow is a mechanic. Turnbow, Nabors, Nicholls, and Mellon met at the beach. The beach is made of sand but only in a beautiful, sunny place on the island of Nanga, about 100 km -LRB- 65 miles -RRB- southeast of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:342
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Knowlton is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dockter is a nurse. Corral is a model. Marrero is a lifeguard. At the bar, Knowlton, Corral, Marrero, and Dockter started a conversation. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:343
Markey is an optician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lupton is an accountant. Raygoza is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Monroy is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the crossfit class, Raygoza, Monroy, Lupton, and Markey met. The class has interesting sessions. Ze reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:344
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Brathwaite is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Silvera is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gabbert is a traffic warden. Cancino is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the public park, Silvera, Cancino, Brathwaite, and Gabbert ran into each other. The park has a running track. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:345
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Biggs is a carpenter. Caffey is a dentist. Buckingham is a labourer. Meidinger is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the music and art festival, Meidinger, Caffey, Biggs, and Buckingham started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:346
Mcnicholas is an electrician. Giguere is a nurse. Griffey is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mcinnis is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the subway, Mcinnis, Giguere, Mcnicholas, and Griffey ran into each other. The public transports are public. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:347
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Monjaras is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Sarvis is a model. Rogerson is a teacher. Schooley is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the high intensity class, Rogerson, Monjaras, Schooley, and Sarvis met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:348
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Choice is a chef. Muscarella is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Leighty is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Montesinos is a stocking associate. Leighty, Muscarella, Montesinos, and Choice met at the gallery opening event. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:349
Helmick is an optician. Cowger is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Veasey is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Fofana is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the crossfit class, Cowger, Veasey, Fofana, and Helmick ran into each other. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:350
Offutt is a traffic warden. Quigg is a teacher. Werts is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Ruggeri is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Quigg, Ruggeri, Werts, and Offutt met at the concert. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:351
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hurlbert is a lecturer. Obert is an optician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Nickelson is a hairdresser. Riggan is a carpenter. At the rock climbing gym, Obert, Riggan, Nickelson, and Hurlbert connected. The gym is located in Yap in Taipei, China and is the world's biggest gymnasium of its kind. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:352
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Orban is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Risch is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Craver is a traffic warden. Lawyer is an optician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Orban, Lawyer, Risch, and Craver connected. People have different schedules. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:353
Gines is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rosendahl is an accountant. Leveille is a lecturer. Hightower is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hightower, Leveille, Rosendahl, and Gines met at the dog park. The park is beautiful. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:354
Robledo is an accountant. Haught is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Pankey is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Labonte is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Labonte, Pankey, Haught, and Robledo met at the fundraiser. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:355
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Oviedo is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Salley is a newsreader. Leaman is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Fusco is a labourer. At the music festival, Salley, Oviedo, Leaman, and Fusco ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:356
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Beegle is a model. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Sabo is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rohrer is a carpenter. Hoffmann is a nurse. At the design expo, Beegle, Hoffmann, Sabo, and Rohrer ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:357
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Skipper is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Speller is an electrician. Dunfee is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Tanaka is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Speller, Dunfee, Tanaka, and Skipper met at the subway. Public transports are affordable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:358
Haq is a factory worker. Suttles is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sautter is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Tincher is a bus driver. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Sautter, Suttles, Haq, and Tincher met at the design expo. This event is to help make the community a better place. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:359
Dinatale is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Encinas is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Briner is a model. Rizvi is a teacher. At the social community gathering, Encinas, Briner, Rizvi, and Dinatale started a conversation. The community is moving in the right direction and will continue to grow. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:360
Bartz is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Go is a hairdresser. Klink is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Atkinson is a bus driver. At the crossfit class, Bartz, Klink, Go, and Atkinson met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:361
Gallant is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Claeys is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Reeder is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Trinh is a lecturer. Trinh, Reeder, Gallant, and Claeys met at the subway. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:362
Meas is a teacher. Pedigo is a lecturer. Blunt is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Pera is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the french class, Blunt, Pera, Pedigo, and Meas started a conversation. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:363
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pfau is an electrician. Bundy is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lesure is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Contino is a nurse. At the fundraiser, Lesure, Contino, Pfau, and Bundy connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:364
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gottfried is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Vanzandt is a dentist. Bernhardt is a labourer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pedrosa is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the rock climbing gym, Vanzandt, Gottfried, Pedrosa, and Bernhardt connected. The men and women of all age groups are welcome at the gym! He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:365
Newswanger is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Gwinn is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Heslop is a stocking associate. Deitz is a newsreader. At the yoga class, Newswanger, Gwinn, Deitz, and Heslop ran into each other. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:366
Cousar is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mattila is a lifeguard. Humphries is a nurse. Ambrocio is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the commuter bus, Mattila, Cousar, Ambrocio, and Humphries connected. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:367
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Astorga is a bus driver. Elizarraraz is a plumber. Baptist is a factory worker. Seward is a labourer. At the concert, Seward, Baptist, Astorga, and Elizarraraz connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. Ze told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:368
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tims is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wrona is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Spires is a dentist. Belmont is a chef. Spires, Tims, Belmont, and Wrona met at the charity run. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:369
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Baba is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Leddy is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Diggins is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gobble is a dentist. At the dog park, Diggins, Gobble, Leddy, and Baba started a conversation. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:370
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Germann is a dentist. Gatewood is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gottlieb is a traffic warden. Tillis is a teacher. At the charity run, Gottlieb, Tillis, Gatewood, and Germann connected. The city is a great place to find something to do. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:371
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gobble is a newsreader. Behrends is an optician. Forgey is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Stoneburner is a plumber. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the wedding, Gobble, Forgey, Stoneburner, and Behrends ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:372
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Langworthy is a dentist. Sanabria is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Leach is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Cardoso is a chef. At the trivia night, Leach, Langworthy, Cardoso, and Sanabria started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:373
Baines is a carpenter. Hentz is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lynam is a dentist. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Brune is a teacher. At the dog park, Hentz, Lynam, Baines, and Brune connected. The park looks nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:374
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Moultrie is a nurse. Crossen is an accountant. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stivers is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bingaman is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Moultrie, Crossen, Bingaman, and Stivers met at the ski resort party. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:375
Gottfried is a chef. Zamarron is an accountant. Grieco is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wooden is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Gottfried, Wooden, Grieco, and Zamarron met at the high intensity class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:376
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bonk is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Shephard is a carpenter. Hargrave is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Seibel is a bus driver. At the fundraiser, Shephard, Bonk, Seibel, and Hargrave started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:377
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Prindle is a hairdresser. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Waggoner is a teacher. Baumann is an optician. Peet is a carpenter. At the ski resort party, Baumann, Prindle, Waggoner, and Peet connected. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:378
Kushner is a lecturer. Rushing is a model. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pinkard is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cayton is a labourer. At the alumni event, Rushing, Pinkard, Kushner, and Cayton ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:379
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tavarez is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Gassaway is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mcqueary is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rocker is a traffic warden. At the ski resort party, Tavarez, Mcqueary, Gassaway, and Rocker met. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:380
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Pitman is a nurse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Quillin is a chef. Riedl is an electrician. Brewington is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the volunteer work, Pitman, Brewington, Riedl, and Quillin ran into each other. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:381
Fernandes is a labourer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Eversole is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Nuccio is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Hartung is a factory worker. At the new year party, Nuccio, Fernandes, Hartung, and Eversole ran into each other. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:382
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bibeau is a lifeguard. Dabbs is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lambeth is a labourer. Wiese is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the beach, Bibeau, Wiese, Lambeth, and Dabbs met. The beach is made of sand but only in a beautiful, sunny place on the island of Nanga, about 100 km -LRB- 65 miles -RRB- southeast of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:383
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Peres is a factory worker. Tibbetts is a bus driver. Healey is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Maharaj is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the subway, Tibbetts, Peres, Healey, and Maharaj met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:384
Telford is a nurse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Holzer is an electrician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Barna is an accountant. Kidwell is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the trivia night, Kidwell, Telford, Holzer, and Barna ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:385
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Rossetti is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pecora is a model. Pilgrim is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Estrada is a hairdresser. At the french class, Pilgrim, Estrada, Pecora, and Rossetti connected. This class has amazing outcomes. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:386
Cannella is an accountant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Steward is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Longfellow is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ethridge is a lecturer. At the open mic night, Ethridge, Longfellow, Cannella, and Steward ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:387
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Silvernail is a labourer. Scroggins is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Willems is a bus driver. Roesch is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the beach, Scroggins, Silvernail, Roesch, and Willems connected. The beach is much cleaner than the most popular beach of the city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:388
Matute is a stocking associate. Beckstead is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Perrigo is a dentist. Deo is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the beer making classes, Deo, Beckstead, Perrigo, and Matute met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. They reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:389
Parrino is a lifeguard. Ducksworth is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Manzi is a model. Rominger is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Manzi, Ducksworth, Parrino, and Rominger met at the local talk. A lot of people participate in these events! Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:390
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dargan is an electrician. Mathur is a factory worker. Grochowski is a plumber. Nightingale is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the wedding, Grochowski, Nightingale, Dargan, and Mathur started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:391
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mcgeorge is an optician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Whitcomb is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bartelt is a stocking associate. Mendivil is a carpenter. At the wedding, Mcgeorge, Bartelt, Whitcomb, and Mendivil ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:392
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mclemore is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Tarter is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Stage is a plumber. Winn is a hairdresser. Winn, Stage, Tarter, and Mclemore met at the local talk. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:393
Figueiredo is an optician. Loch is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mayse is a plumber. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Shortt is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the public park, Figueiredo, Mayse, Loch, and Shortt connected. All the flowers in the park are so nice. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:394
Dockery is a lecturer. Keplinger is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gately is a traffic warden. Loucks is a plumber. At the market, Dockery, Keplinger, Loucks, and Gately started a conversation. Markets are full of surprises! Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:395
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mcburney is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wildes is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hinds is a newsreader. Engelhardt is a mechanic. Wildes, Hinds, Engelhardt, and Mcburney met at the concert. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:396
Berkey is an accountant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Vallone is a lifeguard. Bai is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rothwell is a dentist. Bai, Berkey, Rothwell, and Vallone met at the power yoga class. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:397
Steinberger is a plumber. Weikel is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Musick is a lecturer. Connery is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the food festival, Weikel, Connery, Steinberger, and Musick started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:398
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Newswanger is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bucci is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Monaghan is a labourer. Bilyeu is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the fundraiser, Monaghan, Bilyeu, Newswanger, and Bucci connected. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:399
Bremner is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lawyer is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sobolewski is an accountant. Deltoro is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the subway, Sobolewski, Lawyer, Deltoro, and Bremner met. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:400
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Strode is a dentist. Wolford is a teacher. Conte is an optician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Puerta is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the rideshare, Conte, Puerta, Wolford, and Strode connected. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:401
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Rinaldi is a lifeguard. Salley is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Scholz is a model. Arencibia is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the trivia night, Arencibia, Rinaldi, Scholz, and Salley connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:402
Hankey is a bus driver. Sotelo is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Livengood is a hairdresser. Housman is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sotelo, Hankey, Housman, and Livengood met at the sports bar. The coffee tastes good. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:403
Padgett is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Knop is a stocking associate. Essex is a hairdresser. Jeon is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the crossfit class, Padgett, Knop, Jeon, and Essex connected. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:404
Rockett is a nurse. Mayhugh is a factory worker. Choice is an accountant. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Brake is a bus driver. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Choice, Mayhugh, Brake, and Rockett met at the music and art festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:405
Eid is a bus driver. Rohrer is a nurse. Shaeffer is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mead is a labourer. At the subway, Mead, Shaeffer, Eid, and Rohrer connected. Public transports are easy to find. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:406
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Murdock is an accountant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Morales is a factory worker. Moldenhauer is a bus driver. Gledhill is a stocking associate. At the gallery opening event, Murdock, Gledhill, Moldenhauer, and Morales ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:407
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cui is a mechanic. Galindez is a chef. Hinch is a plumber. Elders is a traffic warden. Elders, Hinch, Galindez, and Cui met at the concert. The event is free and open to all people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:408
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Breazeale is a hairdresser. Buckmaster is an accountant. Laforge is a model. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sever is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the rideshare, Breazeale, Laforge, Buckmaster, and Sever connected. The public transports are public. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:409
Beauford is an electrician. Hiser is a hairdresser. Limbaugh is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Weekes is a nurse. Hiser, Weekes, Beauford, and Limbaugh met at the local talk. A large number of people attend these events. Ey reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:410
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hass is a chef. Tischler is a carpenter. Deloney is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Jacobsen is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the trivia night, Hass, Jacobsen, Tischler, and Deloney connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:411
Laroche is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Radke is a nurse. Mccray is a stocking associate. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Brower is a bus driver. At the music and art festival, Radke, Mccray, Laroche, and Brower ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:412
Zoller is a teacher. Howser is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Eckhoff is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Monreal is a labourer. At the ski resort party, Howser, Monreal, Eckhoff, and Zoller ran into each other. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:413
Woodham is a mechanic. Mazzella is an accountant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hackler is a lecturer. Burney is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the sports bar, Mazzella, Woodham, Burney, and Hackler met. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:414
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Brakefield is a carpenter. Partain is a traffic warden. Easterwood is an optician. Ardis is an accountant. Ardis, Easterwood, Brakefield, and Partain met at the volunteer work. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:415
Leitner is a chef. Conforti is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Difranco is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Biggs is a carpenter. At the market, Conforti, Biggs, Leitner, and Difranco started a conversation. The market is a big source of income for many people. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:416
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sorto is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Weiser is a dentist. Philbin is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Arocha is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the beer making classes, Arocha, Weiser, Philbin, and Sorto met. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:417
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tardy is a chef. Roehl is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Creech is a carpenter. Dock is a model. At the subway, Creech, Roehl, Tardy, and Dock connected. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:418
Parkhill is a carpenter. Gupton is a bus driver. Loomis is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Maltese is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Maltese, Parkhill, Gupton, and Loomis met at the market. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:419
Swope is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Digiorgio is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Heaney is a model. Bruns is a labourer. At the trivia night, Swope, Digiorgio, Heaney, and Bruns met. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:420
Blohm is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Gascon is a dentist. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Ortuno is a stocking associate. Curfman is a teacher. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the design expo, Ortuno, Blohm, Curfman, and Gascon started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:421
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Dandridge is a carpenter. Simons is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Schmidt is a newsreader. Rode is a dentist. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the rideshare, Rode, Simons, Dandridge, and Schmidt ran into each other. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:422
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Daigle is an optician. Herbst is an accountant. Mckeever is a dentist. Thapa is a plumber. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the crossfit class, Mckeever, Thapa, Daigle, and Herbst started a conversation. The class is fun! He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:423
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Monaghan is a model. Geisler is a bus driver. Stelzer is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Kreider is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the public park, Geisler, Kreider, Monaghan, and Stelzer connected. The park site for more information about the location. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:424
Armas is a hairdresser. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stogsdill is a carpenter. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Chavis is an accountant. Gorney is a dentist. At the concert, Armas, Chavis, Gorney, and Stogsdill started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:425
Kinard is a lifeguard. Winsor is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Paluch is a chef. Howser is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the sports bar, Howser, Kinard, Winsor, and Paluch connected. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:426
Ouzts is a model. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Cater is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Horney is a mechanic. Romine is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the yoga class, Romine, Ouzts, Horney, and Cater connected. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:427
Richburg is an accountant. Lasko is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Pearcy is a nurse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Minter is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lasko, Minter, Pearcy, and Richburg met at the rideshare. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:428
Epp is an accountant. Breece is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Villegas is a labourer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Dibble is a nurse. At the wedding, Villegas, Dibble, Breece, and Epp ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:429
Murga is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rieck is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Whitlock is a labourer. Lombardo is an electrician. Rieck, Whitlock, Murga, and Lombardo met at the concert. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:430
Gale is a lecturer. Zorn is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dant is a factory worker. Arango is an electrician. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the food festival, Arango, Zorn, Dant, and Gale ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:431
Heideman is a traffic warden. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Smythe is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Cargill is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Pando is a bus driver. At the charity run, Heideman, Smythe, Cargill, and Pando started a conversation. There are some good options for food too. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:432
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Kugler is a plumber. Barkley is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Boggess is a teacher. Berthiaume is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the charity car wash, Barkley, Kugler, Boggess, and Berthiaume met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:433
Farwell is a lecturer. Leanos is a chef. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Sova is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rossow is a hairdresser. Rossow, Leanos, Farwell, and Sova met at the sports bar. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:434
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Rieck is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Antuna is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Meade is an accountant. Witter is a lifeguard. Antuna, Witter, Rieck, and Meade met at the market. Markets are full of surprises! She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:435
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gula is a labourer. Thacker is a carpenter. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Broyles is a stocking associate. Dial is an optician. At the rock climbing gym, Broyles, Gula, Thacker, and Dial connected. The men and women of all age groups are welcome at the gym! He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:436
Alamilla is a plumber. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Hankey is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Pradhan is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Dunigan is a hairdresser. At the library, Hankey, Dunigan, Pradhan, and Alamilla connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:437
Sumlin is a stocking associate. Lozada is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Noles is an accountant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pippins is a hairdresser. At the charity car wash, Lozada, Sumlin, Noles, and Pippins started a conversation. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:438
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Stoltenberg is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lathrop is an accountant. Paulin is an electrician. Chavis is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the ski resort party, Lathrop, Stoltenberg, Chavis, and Paulin met. The party is free entry for everyone. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:439
Shoulders is a nurse. Golding is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kilpatrick is an optician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Koh is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the alumni event, Golding, Koh, Kilpatrick, and Shoulders ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:440
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Strock is a traffic warden. Lacher is an accountant. Lindner is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Risner is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the music and art festival, Risner, Strock, Lindner, and Lacher met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:441
Wurst is an electrician. Epp is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mccowan is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Ruble is a stocking associate. Epp, Wurst, Mccowan, and Ruble met at the dog park. The park is beautiful. They told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:442
Sanson is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Nee is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bickett is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Voyles is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the music and art festival, Nee, Sanson, Bickett, and Voyles started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:443
Avalos is a bus driver. Girod is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Villicana is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Shu is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Shu, Villicana, Avalos, and Girod met at the french class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:444
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dossantos is a teacher. Mcmullan is a chef. Moor is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hepburn is a labourer. At the alumni event, Moor, Dossantos, Mcmullan, and Hepburn connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:445
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Westra is a model. Mulhall is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lightner is a stocking associate. Shew is a plumber. At the beach, Shew, Lightner, Mulhall, and Westra started a conversation. The beach is open, with the main pier. It is only a few minutes drive north. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:446
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mote is a traffic warden. Cullison is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Burden is a model. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hucks is a stocking associate. Cullison, Mote, Burden, and Hucks met at the yoga class. At the end of the yoga class, we discuss the issues and how yoga can help us cope. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:447
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Exline is a carpenter. Wallick is a mechanic. Snoddy is a bus driver. Slough is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the ski resort party, Slough, Wallick, Snoddy, and Exline ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:448
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pettitt is a newsreader. Jaques is a chef. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Towler is a nurse. Bruni is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Towler, Pettitt, Bruni, and Jaques connected. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:449
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Silcox is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sobolewski is a lifeguard. Busby is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mcginn is an electrician. At the market, Silcox, Mcginn, Sobolewski, and Busby ran into each other. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:450
Buitrago is a nurse. Schaible is a lifeguard. Kujawa is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rocker is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the alumni event, Buitrago, Rocker, Schaible, and Kujawa connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:451
Olden is a mechanic. Hewlett is a carpenter. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Schmitt is a factory worker. Hufnagel is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the library, Olden, Hewlett, Schmitt, and Hufnagel connected. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:452
Trogdon is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Durso is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hedrick is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Tolar is a lecturer. Hedrick, Trogdon, Durso, and Tolar met at the food festival. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:453
Kushner is an accountant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Banegas is an optician. Glassman is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Rudder is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the ski resort party, Glassman, Banegas, Rudder, and Kushner connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:454
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dewar is an optician. Woolford is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mishra is a mechanic. Bigley is a labourer. At the fundraiser, Bigley, Dewar, Mishra, and Woolford met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:455
Brunton is a chef. Trevino is a plumber. Guzzo is an optician. Stockard is a nurse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brunton, Guzzo, Stockard, and Trevino met at the design expo. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:456
Townley is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mader is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mcshane is a lecturer. Tatman is a plumber. At the gallery opening event, Tatman, Townley, Mcshane, and Mader started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:457
Tolar is an accountant. Nakano is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Brunet is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Giambrone is a lecturer. At the beach, Giambrone, Tolar, Nakano, and Brunet ran into each other. The beach is so warm and so peaceful that one does not need to hide. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:458
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Reeser is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hatchell is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Dvorak is an optician. Summa is a chef. At the dog park, Reeser, Hatchell, Dvorak, and Summa met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:459
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Haffner is a teacher. Sterrett is a lifeguard. Olivas is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ivery is a plumber. At the charity run, Haffner, Olivas, Ivery, and Sterrett started a conversation. There is a lot of space to play games here. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:460
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Haake is a factory worker. Rollo is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bonham is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Beegle is a labourer. At the sports bar, Beegle, Rollo, Haake, and Bonham met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:461
Rinker is an optician. Mcnabb is a mechanic. Marmol is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Carreon is a nurse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Marmol, Carreon, Mcnabb, and Rinker met at the sports bar. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:462
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Earhart is an accountant. Ferrante is a model. Neto is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Shifflett is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Earhart, Ferrante, Neto, and Shifflett met at the bar. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:463
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Segars is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Whitcomb is a bus driver. Beckstead is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Pfeifer is a teacher. At the social community gathering, Whitcomb, Pfeifer, Beckstead, and Segars connected. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:464
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ou is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Holdren is a mechanic. Keener is a dentist. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Broaddus is a stocking associate. At the volunteer work, Keener, Broaddus, Holdren, and Ou met. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:465
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Manchester is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Walch is a newsreader. Mejia is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Churchill is an optician. Mejia, Manchester, Churchill, and Walch met at the sports bar. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:466
Capel is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sanborn is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Coffelt is a newsreader. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Fransen is an optician. At the hotel, Sanborn, Fransen, Coffelt, and Capel met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:467
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Steinberg is a chef. Rhoads is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lisi is a hairdresser. Crumbley is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lisi, Steinberg, Rhoads, and Crumbley met at the power yoga class. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. They reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:468
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Zellmer is a dentist. Brunet is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Biermann is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Puerta is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the yoga class, Zellmer, Puerta, Biermann, and Brunet started a conversation. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:469
Montalbano is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Escudero is a stocking associate. Rode is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Zurek is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the hotel, Zurek, Montalbano, Rode, and Escudero connected. It is a cool place to hang out. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:470
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Dunigan is a carpenter. Catron is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stelzer is an electrician. Gratton is a newsreader. At the beach, Gratton, Catron, Stelzer, and Dunigan started a conversation. There is another side of the ocean, in the form of a beach known as a' Pill Road'. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:471
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Goulding is a mechanic. Schrock is a lifeguard. Hauge is a chef. Warnick is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schrock, Warnick, Goulding, and Hauge met at the fundraiser. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:472
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Turnipseed is a bus driver. Kelsch is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Ball is a factory worker. Schroyer is an accountant. At the hotel, Ball, Kelsch, Turnipseed, and Schroyer started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:473
Benavente is a stocking associate. Cozad is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Clore is a hairdresser. Barillas is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the library, Cozad, Clore, Benavente, and Barillas ran into each other. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:474
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Paugh is a lecturer. Nielsen is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Perine is a lifeguard. Rank is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the trivia night, Rank, Perine, Nielsen, and Paugh started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. Ze told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:475
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Pinard is a plumber. Godinez is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Labrador is a dentist. Reser is an electrician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Reser, Godinez, Labrador, and Pinard met at the fundraiser. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:476
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Burkhardt is a labourer. Roche is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Rackley is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Avent is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the wedding, Burkhardt, Avent, Rackley, and Roche met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:477
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Tune is a factory worker. Hoyle is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Corral is a dentist. Hankey is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the bar, Tune, Hankey, Hoyle, and Corral met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:478
Hollon is a carpenter. Nolasco is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Medford is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rivenbark is a traffic warden. At the bar, Rivenbark, Medford, Nolasco, and Hollon met. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:479
Astudillo is a model. Fishman is a hairdresser. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lakhani is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Pillai is a factory worker. At the wedding, Lakhani, Pillai, Fishman, and Astudillo started a conversation. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:480
Jeanlouis is a bus driver. Bonnet is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Clinger is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Salvatierra is an accountant. At the charity run, Clinger, Salvatierra, Jeanlouis, and Bonnet connected. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:481
Tefft is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hufnagel is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Dunsmore is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Seavey is a lifeguard. Hufnagel, Seavey, Tefft, and Dunsmore met at the high intensity class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:482
Barto is a dentist. Saunders is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Claxton is an accountant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Factor is a nurse. Claxton, Barto, Factor, and Saunders met at the rock climbing gym. People can really make a lasting impression off each other at the gym! She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:483
Jacquet is a model. Asencio is a plumber. Greenwell is an accountant. Sheard is a newsreader. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the charity car wash, Jacquet, Sheard, Greenwell, and Asencio started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:484
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Nightingale is a traffic warden. Zukowski is a carpenter. Featherstone is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Treacy is an accountant. At the yoga class, Nightingale, Featherstone, Treacy, and Zukowski started a conversation. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:485
Sin is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Swan is a nurse. Bartolome is a newsreader. Catano is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the volunteer work, Catano, Sin, Bartolome, and Swan connected. Volunteering also takes energy to work together to improve the health, environment, and economic well - being of our country. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:486
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Petit is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Doyal is a labourer. Smucker is a factory worker. Palmquist is a chef. At the power yoga class, Palmquist, Petit, Smucker, and Doyal connected. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:487
Baines is a mechanic. Loesch is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcferrin is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fordyce is an electrician. At the food festival, Mcferrin, Baines, Fordyce, and Loesch ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:488
Plascencia is a model. Capron is a dentist. Arbaugh is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gowan is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Arbaugh, Gowan, Capron, and Plascencia met at the open mic night. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:489
Mebane is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Nicholson is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Volkert is a chef. Goulding is a lifeguard. At the volunteer work, Nicholson, Goulding, Mebane, and Volkert connected. Volunteering also takes energy to work together to improve the health, environment, and economic well - being of our country. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:490
Mccombs is a lecturer. Jaimes is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Muscarella is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kistler is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the fundraiser, Mccombs, Jaimes, Muscarella, and Kistler met. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:491
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Traub is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Beaudoin is a bus driver. Mccue is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Tutor is an electrician. At the yoga class, Traub, Tutor, Beaudoin, and Mccue met. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:492
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lauver is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Witherow is a newsreader. Freeborn is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Biggs is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the new year party, Freeborn, Lauver, Biggs, and Witherow met. The party is free entry for everyone. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:493
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Tolman is a mechanic. Gaye is a nurse. Wiebe is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sides is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the french class, Gaye, Tolman, Sides, and Wiebe met. Classes provide fun and challenge. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:494
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Luton is a nurse. Delaune is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Pinales is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Viens is a dentist. At the dog park, Pinales, Delaune, Luton, and Viens ran into each other. The dogs here are lovely. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:495
Burtch is a hairdresser. Greenspan is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Castanon is a newsreader. Vansant is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the volunteer work, Burtch, Greenspan, Castanon, and Vansant started a conversation. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:496
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Weatherby is a lifeguard. Hearn is a dentist. Wagaman is a model. Zeller is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the rideshare, Wagaman, Weatherby, Zeller, and Hearn started a conversation. Public transports are eco-friendly. Ey told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:497
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Keever is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Trammel is a labourer. Woolwine is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Grogan is a factory worker. At the local talk, Keever, Woolwine, Trammel, and Grogan ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:498
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Dockery is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Dula is a stocking associate. Mcgann is an optician. Huisman is a hairdresser. Dockery, Dula, Mcgann, and Huisman met at the music festival. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:499
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kitterman is an electrician. Currence is a plumber. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cerritos is a teacher. Canto is a chef. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the hotel, Currence, Canto, Cerritos, and Kitterman met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:500
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Porcaro is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rego is a chef. Oregel is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lopezhernandez is a carpenter. At the gallery opening event, Rego, Porcaro, Oregel, and Lopezhernandez started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:501
Sklar is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Clemmons is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Winans is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Klar is a traffic warden. At the public park, Winans, Clemmons, Sklar, and Klar met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:502
Enriquez is a mechanic. Lemons is a carpenter. Olesen is a traffic warden. Leeman is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the trivia night, Olesen, Enriquez, Leeman, and Lemons started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:503
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dendy is a hairdresser. Ribera is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hook is a dentist. Mangano is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the ski resort party, Hook, Mangano, Dendy, and Ribera connected. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:504
Burkhalter is a chef. Cardwell is a carpenter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ceron is a lecturer. Fukuda is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the subway, Burkhalter, Ceron, Cardwell, and Fukuda met. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:505
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Simpkins is a lifeguard. Mattern is a newsreader. Beringer is a model. Acker is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the french class, Simpkins, Mattern, Beringer, and Acker connected. The classes usually begin before work. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:506
Thiele is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Sano is a dentist. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sacks is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Stoner is a model. At the beer making classes, Sano, Sacks, Thiele, and Stoner met. The class has interesting sessions. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:507
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Peinado is a lecturer. Pestana is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Chevalier is a chef. Eakin is a newsreader. At the cooking class, Peinado, Chevalier, Eakin, and Pestana started a conversation. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. Ze told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:508
Huskins is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Scherr is a chef. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Schoen is a dentist. Batson is a teacher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the concert, Huskins, Scherr, Batson, and Schoen met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:509
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Castanon is a traffic warden. Millington is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Slone is a teacher. Belliveau is a stocking associate. At the yoga class, Millington, Belliveau, Slone, and Castanon started a conversation. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:510
Stickley is a teacher. Ponton is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Brickner is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gingrich is a nurse. Stickley, Brickner, Gingrich, and Ponton met at the fundraiser. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:511
Ruggieri is a bus driver. Eaves is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Pauly is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Ferretti is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the crossfit class, Eaves, Pauly, Ferretti, and Ruggieri ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:512
Miyamoto is a newsreader. Leiva is a nurse. Lichtenstein is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Salvato is an optician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Leiva, Miyamoto, Salvato, and Lichtenstein met at the gallery opening event. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:513
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Paulin is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Venditti is a lecturer. Deshpande is a mechanic. Ney is a newsreader. At the rideshare, Venditti, Deshpande, Ney, and Paulin met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:514
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Whitis is an accountant. Mizelle is a teacher. Nightingale is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Butters is a lecturer. Mizelle, Whitis, Nightingale, and Butters met at the beer making classes. The class is extremely motivating. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:515
Solari is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Tibbetts is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Broman is an electrician. Strayer is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Tibbetts, Broman, Strayer, and Solari met at the food festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:516
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mclaurin is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Cordon is a lecturer. Godines is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Countryman is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the market, Mclaurin, Cordon, Godines, and Countryman ran into each other. Markets are usually crowded. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:517
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Yochum is an optician. Garceau is a hairdresser. Ferman is a chef. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Badillo is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ferman, Yochum, Badillo, and Garceau met at the library. Going to a book club meeting is a good way to learn about a specific book. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:518
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bartos is an electrician. Parmley is a teacher. Anello is a lecturer. Geoghegan is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the local talk, Parmley, Geoghegan, Anello, and Bartos ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:519
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Eberly is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Makowski is a chef. Whang is a dentist. Okafor is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the crossfit class, Makowski, Eberly, Okafor, and Whang started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:520
Fetty is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Favela is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Froman is a bus driver. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Burdge is a mechanic. Favela, Fetty, Burdge, and Froman met at the beach. The beach is much cleaner than the most popular beach of the city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:521
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pereyra is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Veach is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Pfeifer is an accountant. Riedl is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the commuter bus, Veach, Pfeifer, Pereyra, and Riedl started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:522
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Oxendine is a stocking associate. Hatchell is a labourer. Chaudhari is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Marroquin is a carpenter. At the gallery opening event, Chaudhari, Hatchell, Oxendine, and Marroquin connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:523
Demott is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Stallard is a labourer. Hinkle is a mechanic. Pumphrey is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the beer making classes, Hinkle, Stallard, Demott, and Pumphrey connected. The class has interesting sessions. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:524
Arocha is a dentist. Stills is a carpenter. Teng is an optician. Lash is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the high intensity class, Teng, Arocha, Lash, and Stills ran into each other. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:525
Bullard is a model. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Crampton is a carpenter. Bunn is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mccormack is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the commuter bus, Bullard, Mccormack, Crampton, and Bunn started a conversation. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:526
Appleton is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Savarese is a newsreader. Bazile is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kaufmann is a hairdresser. At the yoga class, Savarese, Bazile, Kaufmann, and Appleton started a conversation. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:527
Gorton is a mechanic. Mccowan is a factory worker. Downing is a teacher. Gullo is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the ski resort party, Mccowan, Gorton, Gullo, and Downing ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:528
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Pirtle is a lecturer. Sechrist is a hairdresser. Deford is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Virgen is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the design expo, Deford, Virgen, Sechrist, and Pirtle connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:529
Sandford is a bus driver. Dimatteo is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Brookes is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Brashear is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the commuter bus, Dimatteo, Brookes, Brashear, and Sandford met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:530
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Hambleton is a factory worker. Korn is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Truss is a bus driver. Feller is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the high intensity class, Truss, Feller, Korn, and Hambleton connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:531
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mcmichael is a mechanic. Demoss is an electrician. Aylward is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Alewine is a nurse. At the subway, Aylward, Mcmichael, Alewine, and Demoss ran into each other. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:532
Mastrangelo is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kilburn is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Blunt is a lecturer. Kaser is a labourer. Kaser, Mastrangelo, Kilburn, and Blunt met at the rideshare. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. Ey told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:533
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Montalbano is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Serio is a teacher. Gauna is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Varela is a labourer. Gauna, Serio, Varela, and Montalbano met at the gallery opening event. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:534
Hearn is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hatton is an accountant. Naples is a teacher. Decesare is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the volunteer work, Decesare, Naples, Hatton, and Hearn started a conversation. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:535
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Trosper is a newsreader. Hofstetter is a chef. Rowell is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Fredericks is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hofstetter, Rowell, Fredericks, and Trosper met at the concert. A lot of people participate in these events! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:536
Lipka is a stocking associate. Tarbox is a bus driver. Croley is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Dattilo is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the library, Croley, Dattilo, Lipka, and Tarbox connected. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:537
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Heinz is a chef. Carillo is a bus driver. Pestana is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Markovich is an optician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the public park, Carillo, Markovich, Pestana, and Heinz connected. The park is very peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:538
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Provencio is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mellen is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Tanksley is a nurse. Tollett is a traffic warden. At the music and art festival, Tanksley, Tollett, Provencio, and Mellen started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:539
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Pearsall is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Howland is a dentist. Maciejewski is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Ragin is an electrician. At the library, Howland, Pearsall, Ragin, and Maciejewski started a conversation. There are ways to find the great websites out there. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:540
Brashear is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gose is a stocking associate. Thakkar is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Reasor is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Reasor, Gose, Brashear, and Thakkar met at the public park. The water is very good and clean. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:541
Wendling is a carpenter. Haney is a bus driver. Loch is a dentist. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Levitt is an optician. At the subway, Levitt, Loch, Haney, and Wendling started a conversation. Public transports are affordable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:542
Cotto is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Snedeker is a lifeguard. Kneeland is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Milby is an accountant. At the power yoga class, Snedeker, Cotto, Kneeland, and Milby connected. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:543
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Topping is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Delafuente is an electrician. Mines is a labourer. Catalano is a mechanic. At the library, Catalano, Mines, Topping, and Delafuente ran into each other. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:544
Swart is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Carney is a teacher. Harewood is an accountant. Makela is a plumber. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the gallery opening event, Makela, Harewood, Carney, and Swart ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:545
Retana is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Byun is a lecturer. Belz is a hairdresser. Tallman is a labourer. At the cooking class, Retana, Tallman, Belz, and Byun connected. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:546
Brendel is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lipps is an optician. Westmoreland is a nurse. Fast is a newsreader. At the ski resort party, Lipps, Brendel, Fast, and Westmoreland started a conversation. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:547
Cammarata is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Canning is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Thomasson is a plumber. Woodrum is a factory worker. Thomasson, Woodrum, Cammarata, and Canning met at the beach. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:548
Pohlman is a teacher. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Overly is a nurse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Dimmick is a plumber. Dietz is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the sports bar, Pohlman, Overly, Dietz, and Dimmick connected. The drinks are served on time. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:549
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Storch is a factory worker. Klinger is a plumber. Galati is a dentist. Mccullers is a hairdresser. At the ski resort party, Mccullers, Galati, Storch, and Klinger started a conversation. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. They reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:550
Whang is a lifeguard. Wunderlich is a carpenter. Helms is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Munguia is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wunderlich, Munguia, Whang, and Helms met at the social community gathering. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:551
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Turnquist is a dentist. Simmon is a plumber. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Middlebrook is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mccallister is a traffic warden. At the food festival, Simmon, Middlebrook, Mccallister, and Turnquist started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:552
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Akin is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Chappel is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Coyle is a lifeguard. Acharya is a lecturer. At the music and art festival, Acharya, Coyle, Akin, and Chappel started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:553
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fondren is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Ybarra is a plumber. Gadson is a traffic warden. Webber is a stocking associate. Fondren, Ybarra, Gadson, and Webber met at the library. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:554
Quigg is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gravely is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Reams is an optician. Secrest is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gravely, Reams, Secrest, and Quigg met at the trivia night. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:555
Hathcock is a factory worker. Luciani is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Trammell is an electrician. Deardorff is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Hathcock, Luciani, Trammell, and Deardorff met at the social community gathering. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:556
Nivens is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Haddad is a plumber. Schaffner is a model. Ruggeri is a newsreader. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the charity run, Haddad, Ruggeri, Nivens, and Schaffner met. There is a lot of other play places on the map. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:557
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Odonoghue is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Maly is a hairdresser. Deford is a chef. Earles is a lifeguard. At the new year party, Earles, Odonoghue, Maly, and Deford ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:558
Rominger is a bus driver. Mathai is a dentist. Sepeda is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Albarran is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the music and art festival, Sepeda, Albarran, Mathai, and Rominger connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:559
Mccombs is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Stultz is an accountant. Mcsherry is a carpenter. Lafreniere is an electrician. At the beer making classes, Mcsherry, Lafreniere, Mccombs, and Stultz met. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:560
Buitron is an accountant. Graziano is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Blackford is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Livermore is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the cooking class, Buitron, Livermore, Graziano, and Blackford connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:561
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Waterman is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Rivenbark is an electrician. Brasher is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Brinkman is an accountant. At the new year party, Brasher, Brinkman, Waterman, and Rivenbark met. The party is going to be full. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:562
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Napoles is an electrician. Brouwer is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wickman is a labourer. Voyles is a newsreader. At the bar, Brouwer, Napoles, Voyles, and Wickman started a conversation. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:563
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kloster is a teacher. Huang is an electrician. Binion is a nurse. Weekes is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the open mic night, Huang, Weekes, Binion, and Kloster started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:564
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Chang is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Fuqua is a traffic warden. South is a teacher. Jeon is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the crossfit class, Jeon, Chang, South, and Fuqua ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:565
Scofield is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Yeoman is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Boggess is a lifeguard. Wininger is an optician. Wininger, Scofield, Yeoman, and Boggess met at the design expo. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:566
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Diggins is a plumber. Divito is an accountant. Owensby is a lifeguard. Batey is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the trivia night, Owensby, Divito, Diggins, and Batey connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:567
Leeman is a nurse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ferretti is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Buckingham is a lifeguard. Balliet is a teacher. Ferretti, Buckingham, Balliet, and Leeman met at the food festival. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:568
Vicknair is a dentist. Brutus is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Suydam is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Toner is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the commuter bus, Vicknair, Brutus, Toner, and Suydam connected. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:569
Strange is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Drinkard is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Fitz is an accountant. Piazza is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the charity car wash, Drinkard, Strange, Piazza, and Fitz ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:570
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Jaworski is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mccammon is an optician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Wulff is a bus driver. Sellman is a lecturer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the charity run, Wulff, Mccammon, Sellman, and Jaworski met. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:571
Arocha is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Armbruster is a bus driver. Clayborn is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Tooker is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the beach, Arocha, Armbruster, Clayborn, and Tooker met. The beach is open, with the main pier. It is only a few minutes drive north. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:572
Gault is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Ruble is a labourer. Chao is a dentist. Santillanes is a factory worker. At the market, Santillanes, Chao, Ruble, and Gault met. The market is open to all genders and ages. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:573
Lafferty is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mccray is an electrician. Martinezgarcia is a carpenter. Pingel is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the charity car wash, Mccray, Lafferty, Martinezgarcia, and Pingel ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:574
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcclurg is a traffic warden. Lipsey is a nurse. Jessop is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Swingle is an accountant. At the sports bar, Jessop, Swingle, Mcclurg, and Lipsey met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:575
Loveall is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Fossum is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Schiffman is a stocking associate. Oddo is a carpenter. At the charity car wash, Fossum, Loveall, Oddo, and Schiffman started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:576
Conforti is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Halladay is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Coogan is a lifeguard. Tobon is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the crossfit class, Halladay, Tobon, Conforti, and Coogan connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:577
Livengood is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Skoog is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Guymon is an electrician. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Lawler is a factory worker. At the charity car wash, Lawler, Skoog, Livengood, and Guymon connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:578
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Luciani is a carpenter. Woodrum is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Guerrera is a teacher. Jeancharles is an electrician. At the beach, Guerrera, Luciani, Woodrum, and Jeancharles met. The beach is made of sand but only in a beautiful, sunny place on the island of Nanga, about 100 km -LRB- 65 miles -RRB- southeast of the city. Ze reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:579
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gillingham is a teacher. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Brizendine is a carpenter. Boots is an optician. Baham is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the music and art festival, Gillingham, Boots, Baham, and Brizendine started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:580
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vanvalkenburg is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Croley is a hairdresser. Montes is a mechanic. Heinz is a plumber. Heinz, Croley, Montes, and Vanvalkenburg met at the sports bar. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:581
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Fleck is a plumber. Axtell is a chef. Sabala is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schorr is a stocking associate. At the volunteer work, Schorr, Sabala, Fleck, and Axtell started a conversation. Please contact the organization during working hours to discuss the volunteering options. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:582
Stalcup is an electrician. Bravo is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Digiovanni is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Silvis is a carpenter. At the bar, Silvis, Stalcup, Digiovanni, and Bravo connected. The food here is very tasty. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:583
Binns is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Alewine is a model. Maloy is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Pinard is a bus driver. Maloy, Binns, Pinard, and Alewine met at the open mic night. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:584
Goss is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lowenstein is a factory worker. Brumm is a model. Montalbano is an electrician. At the concert, Montalbano, Goss, Brumm, and Lowenstein met. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:585
Cadwell is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Swearingen is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Tiwari is a carpenter. Alber is a chef. At the trivia night, Swearingen, Alber, Cadwell, and Tiwari connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:586
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Chavarria is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fath is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ducksworth is a hairdresser. Hermann is a stocking associate. At the crossfit class, Ducksworth, Chavarria, Hermann, and Fath met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:587
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Pearcy is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Knouse is a dentist. Perino is an optician. Acharya is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the new year party, Acharya, Pearcy, Perino, and Knouse ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:588
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Escalante is a bus driver. Brickey is a carpenter. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Badgley is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mccombs is a newsreader. Brickey, Escalante, Mccombs, and Badgley met at the power yoga class. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:589
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Foulks is a nurse. Woolard is a labourer. Sambrano is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Chupp is an optician. At the sports bar, Chupp, Sambrano, Foulks, and Woolard started a conversation. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:590
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Crenshaw is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Downer is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Motz is a labourer. Deardorff is a stocking associate. At the cooking class, Motz, Downer, Crenshaw, and Deardorff started a conversation. Classes teach new things every week. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:591
Freed is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Melzer is a stocking associate. Wilkes is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hibbard is a carpenter. At the subway, Freed, Wilkes, Hibbard, and Melzer started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:592
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Obert is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Santillanes is an accountant. Ratcliffe is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Feldt is a traffic warden. At the crossfit class, Obert, Feldt, Santillanes, and Ratcliffe started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:593
Sova is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Bearden is a nurse. Sciortino is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Paynter is a bus driver. At the music and art festival, Sciortino, Bearden, Sova, and Paynter met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:594
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Thrift is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Weiland is a bus driver. Eid is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Burdick is a newsreader. Thrift, Weiland, Burdick, and Eid met at the crossfit class. It's a huge place! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:595
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Topping is a traffic warden. Ogle is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Crigger is a hairdresser. Pickle is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the fundraiser, Pickle, Ogle, Topping, and Crigger met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:596
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Odea is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Epperly is a plumber. Xiong is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Suits is a hairdresser. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the ski resort party, Epperly, Odea, Suits, and Xiong met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:597
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Luton is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Strohm is a traffic warden. Daub is a model. Stabler is a teacher. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the sports bar, Strohm, Daub, Luton, and Stabler started a conversation. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:598
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Obert is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Clements is a traffic warden. Pendergast is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Rhymes is a bus driver. At the concert, Clements, Pendergast, Rhymes, and Obert met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:599
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Walls is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ackerson is a stocking associate. Byun is a lifeguard. Deeds is a nurse. At the rideshare, Byun, Walls, Ackerson, and Deeds ran into each other. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:600
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Minyard is a bus driver. Badillo is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Shaner is a nurse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Washburn is a plumber. At the dog park, Shaner, Washburn, Minyard, and Badillo started a conversation. The park site for more information about the location. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:601
Zubia is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcferrin is an electrician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Capasso is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mize is an accountant. At the subway, Zubia, Capasso, Mize, and Mcferrin met. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:602
Gauna is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Abbate is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cozad is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Knowlton is a stocking associate. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the bar, Abbate, Gauna, Cozad, and Knowlton ran into each other. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:603
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Nave is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Briner is a nurse. Schurman is a hairdresser. Hepburn is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the open mic night, Briner, Nave, Hepburn, and Schurman met. A large number of people attend these events. Ey told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:604
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Pecora is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Oster is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Forcier is a plumber. Klopfenstein is a dentist. At the concert, Pecora, Klopfenstein, Forcier, and Oster started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:605
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Abreu is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Senger is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mcalexander is a mechanic. Henrich is a nurse. At the crossfit class, Henrich, Mcalexander, Senger, and Abreu met. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:606
Giancola is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Williford is a plumber. Woolard is a labourer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Wick is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the beach, Giancola, Wick, Williford, and Woolard connected. There is another side of the ocean, in the form of a beach known as a' Pill Road'. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:607
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Johanson is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Orgeron is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Tallman is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Pariseau is a traffic warden. At the open mic night, Johanson, Tallman, Pariseau, and Orgeron ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:608
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Goulding is a stocking associate. Mcnear is a carpenter. Braggs is an accountant. Higginbotham is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the beer making classes, Goulding, Braggs, Mcnear, and Higginbotham connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:609
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sensenig is a carpenter. Nugent is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Arrieta is an optician. Delariva is a dentist. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the ski resort party, Delariva, Arrieta, Nugent, and Sensenig connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. Ey reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:610
Bomberger is a chef. Clayborn is a lifeguard. Colwell is a teacher. Segovia is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the french class, Clayborn, Colwell, Segovia, and Bomberger ran into each other. This class has amazing outcomes. Ey reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:611
Croom is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sautter is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Borst is a model. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Alejandre is a dentist. Croom, Borst, Sautter, and Alejandre met at the cooking class. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:612
Abundis is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mizrahi is an accountant. Fishburn is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Garcia is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the charity car wash, Fishburn, Garcia, Abundis, and Mizrahi met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:613
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ball is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Rybak is a mechanic. Auger is a lecturer. Balk is a factory worker. At the charity car wash, Balk, Auger, Rybak, and Ball started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:614
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Gerow is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Simmers is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Quill is a lecturer. Najjar is a labourer. At the charity car wash, Najjar, Quill, Simmers, and Gerow met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:615
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hilts is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Ranney is a model. Ketterer is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rodela is a carpenter. At the design expo, Ranney, Ketterer, Rodela, and Hilts met. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:616
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Machin is a model. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Trawick is a newsreader. Mowry is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Loman is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the charity car wash, Mowry, Loman, Machin, and Trawick met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:617
Egger is a plumber. Budd is a labourer. Chmura is a nurse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hollon is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the hotel, Egger, Hollon, Chmura, and Budd met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:618
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Sligh is a lecturer. Krogh is a bus driver. Hallett is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Olivo is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the ski resort party, Olivo, Hallett, Sligh, and Krogh ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:619
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Gurley is a bus driver. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Crossman is a hairdresser. Wingler is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Senn is a chef. At the hotel, Crossman, Gurley, Wingler, and Senn connected. The coffee cake is quite good. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:620
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Secrest is a plumber. Waits is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Duarte is an accountant. Redfern is a stocking associate. Secrest, Duarte, Redfern, and Waits met at the library. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:621
Huitron is an electrician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Costello is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Biermann is an optician. Fabre is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the new year party, Biermann, Fabre, Costello, and Huitron ran into each other. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:622
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Burks is an electrician. Bickers is a traffic warden. Holmes is a teacher. Gartland is a labourer. At the trivia night, Gartland, Burks, Holmes, and Bickers connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:623
Herrod is a lecturer. Basu is an accountant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Adkison is a hairdresser. Glassman is a nurse. At the food festival, Herrod, Basu, Adkison, and Glassman connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:624
Ciccone is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Asberry is a model. Demott is a lecturer. Bruner is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Asberry, Ciccone, Demott, and Bruner met at the market. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:625
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schubert is a factory worker. Lubin is a traffic warden. Ammons is a chef. Kime is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lubin, Ammons, Schubert, and Kime met at the bar. The food here has some of the best food in the city. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:626
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Preble is a dentist. Roche is a newsreader. Currence is a mechanic. Banister is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the beach, Preble, Currence, Roche, and Banister started a conversation. The beach is much cleaner than the most popular beach of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:627
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hickox is an electrician. Cloer is a dentist. Sublett is a bus driver. Bruns is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the music and art festival, Bruns, Cloer, Sublett, and Hickox ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:628
Scherr is a mechanic. Vandemark is a teacher. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Tarantino is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Jardine is a dentist. At the subway, Vandemark, Scherr, Jardine, and Tarantino connected. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:629
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pera is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Popham is a dentist. Boner is a lifeguard. Toohey is a mechanic. Boner, Pera, Popham, and Toohey met at the commuter bus. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:630
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kawamoto is a factory worker. Chauvin is a model. Rosinski is a lecturer. Littlefield is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the charity run, Kawamoto, Rosinski, Littlefield, and Chauvin started a conversation. The games are a lot of fun. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:631
Howery is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schutte is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Cardoza is a stocking associate. Deford is a lecturer. At the open mic night, Deford, Howery, Cardoza, and Schutte started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:632
Rasberry is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bi is a hairdresser. Boykin is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Valle is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the charity run, Valle, Rasberry, Boykin, and Bi ran into each other. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:633
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Garica is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Cadle is a factory worker. Sciortino is a chef. Gibby is a dentist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the charity car wash, Gibby, Sciortino, Cadle, and Garica met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:634
Mcginness is a labourer. Sisto is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Okafor is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hollifield is an optician. Sisto, Mcginness, Hollifield, and Okafor met at the ski resort party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:635
Burzynski is a model. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Ohagan is a teacher. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Shank is an electrician. Blumberg is an optician. At the new year party, Shank, Burzynski, Ohagan, and Blumberg ran into each other. The party is free entry for everyone. Ze told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:636
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcpeek is a newsreader. Mcnear is a lecturer. Decesare is a model. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Constable is an optician. At the wedding, Constable, Mcnear, Mcpeek, and Decesare connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:637
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ludlow is a mechanic. Frisk is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cardwell is a nurse. Pfeifer is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the new year party, Frisk, Pfeifer, Ludlow, and Cardwell ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:638
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mcclinton is a newsreader. Robitaille is a lecturer. Lucke is a carpenter. Stogsdill is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the social community gathering, Mcclinton, Robitaille, Stogsdill, and Lucke started a conversation. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:639
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Tedford is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Langworthy is a nurse. Sechrist is a mechanic. Lovin is a factory worker. At the subway, Sechrist, Tedford, Lovin, and Langworthy ran into each other. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:640
Hwang is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tedder is a hairdresser. Grimaldo is a traffic warden. Alvord is an electrician. At the design expo, Grimaldo, Tedder, Hwang, and Alvord connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:641
Sumlin is a labourer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Luton is a lifeguard. Shankle is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Huebner is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the volunteer work, Luton, Shankle, Sumlin, and Huebner connected. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:642
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Plant is a hairdresser. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cowell is a labourer. Du is a newsreader. Mix is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the local talk, Plant, Cowell, Mix, and Du ran into each other. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:643
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Alkire is a bus driver. Osornio is a dentist. Costley is a lifeguard. Silk is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the yoga class, Silk, Alkire, Osornio, and Costley connected. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:644
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Aliff is a model. Peavler is an optician. Herrman is a nurse. Corder is a plumber. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beer making classes, Herrman, Corder, Peavler, and Aliff started a conversation. Each session teaches a different theme. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:645
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Back is a hairdresser. Lederer is a labourer. Mcnab is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mcgary is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mcnab, Lederer, Back, and Mcgary met at the rideshare. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:646
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Fouch is a teacher. Avalos is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Woolford is a nurse. Vizcaino is a factory worker. At the open mic night, Vizcaino, Avalos, Woolford, and Fouch started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:647
Deskins is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Girod is an optician. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Crotty is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mulder is a factory worker. At the rock climbing gym, Girod, Deskins, Mulder, and Crotty ran into each other. It is open to all ages. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:648
Haner is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Savala is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Murguia is a mechanic. Gessner is a bus driver. At the new year party, Gessner, Murguia, Haner, and Savala ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. Ey reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:649
Mccay is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Simonton is an electrician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Dimauro is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mahone is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the volunteer work, Dimauro, Mahone, Simonton, and Mccay met. Volunteering is a great way to learn to help people in need. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:650
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Krajewski is a chef. Crownover is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hamrick is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcdougal is a nurse. At the open mic night, Hamrick, Mcdougal, Crownover, and Krajewski met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:651
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Brenneman is a teacher. Bevis is a mechanic. Devita is a chef. Coonrod is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the wedding, Bevis, Brenneman, Coonrod, and Devita connected. This event is to help make the community a better place. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:652
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Diederich is a lifeguard. Gault is a newsreader. Wehner is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Cypher is a factory worker. At the social community gathering, Wehner, Diederich, Gault, and Cypher ran into each other. The community is at a crossroads here. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:653
Hazelton is a chef. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Busby is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Nee is a carpenter. Epling is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the beach, Busby, Epling, Hazelton, and Nee ran into each other. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:654
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Durso is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Swindell is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Guerrera is a carpenter. Sroka is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the public park, Durso, Sroka, Guerrera, and Swindell met. The park is good. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:655
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Veatch is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mahurin is a model. Lemons is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Vivar is a factory worker. At the commuter bus, Vivar, Mahurin, Veatch, and Lemons started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:656
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hawes is a labourer. Risner is a nurse. Gao is a stocking associate. Fuchs is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the yoga class, Risner, Gao, Hawes, and Fuchs ran into each other. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:657
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Degroot is a plumber. Gokey is an optician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Burtch is a newsreader. Grate is a nurse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the concert, Gokey, Burtch, Degroot, and Grate ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:658
Whitehair is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Verma is a labourer. Workman is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fahy is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the new year party, Workman, Whitehair, Fahy, and Verma ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:659
Mackinnon is a teacher. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sellars is a model. Drumm is a labourer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Knudson is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the cooking class, Mackinnon, Drumm, Sellars, and Knudson met. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:660
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Niswonger is an accountant. Diederich is a lecturer. Jeon is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Trillo is a labourer. Niswonger, Jeon, Diederich, and Trillo met at the french class. The classes usually begin before work. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:661
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Tocco is a lecturer. Trammell is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Pegram is an electrician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hon is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the yoga class, Pegram, Trammell, Hon, and Tocco met. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:662
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lundy is a labourer. Rutledge is a model. Rupp is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gibby is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rupp, Gibby, Lundy, and Rutledge met at the french class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:663
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kimes is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Agnew is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Fitz is a lecturer. Borg is a labourer. Fitz, Agnew, Borg, and Kimes met at the music and art festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:664
Klingensmith is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Foos is a traffic warden. Condit is a labourer. Klopfenstein is a plumber. At the charity car wash, Klingensmith, Foos, Klopfenstein, and Condit connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:665
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Eye is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hume is a labourer. Forbes is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lombardo is an optician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the charity car wash, Eye, Hume, Lombardo, and Forbes met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:666
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Peralez is a plumber. Wentworth is a teacher. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Midgley is a stocking associate. Aguillon is a lifeguard. At the food festival, Peralez, Aguillon, Midgley, and Wentworth started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:667
Fryar is a chef. Magers is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kutz is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Barefield is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fryar, Magers, Kutz, and Barefield met at the market. The market is getting a lot of positive news. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:668
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Seale is a traffic warden. Huffer is a plumber. Cozart is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Keever is a stocking associate. At the music festival, Cozart, Keever, Seale, and Huffer ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:669
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Lai is a lecturer. Popa is a stocking associate. Ishii is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Saine is a model. At the rock climbing gym, Saine, Ishii, Lai, and Popa started a conversation. Going to a gym is the best idea to just focus on fitness goals. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:670
Hadaway is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Crossman is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fisk is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Aday is a lecturer. At the public park, Crossman, Hadaway, Aday, and Fisk started a conversation. The park is beautiful. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:671
Washam is a plumber. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Castellanos is an accountant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Poulter is a teacher. Orgeron is a dentist. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the new year party, Castellanos, Poulter, Washam, and Orgeron started a conversation. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:672
Chisolm is a chef. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Caraway is an optician. Gose is a model. Auer is a carpenter. Auer, Chisolm, Gose, and Caraway met at the ski resort party. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:673
Desouza is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bucci is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ronk is a dentist. Borst is a traffic warden. At the open mic night, Bucci, Borst, Ronk, and Desouza met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:674
Coakley is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lemmer is an optician. Grassi is a chef. Conger is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lemmer, Grassi, Coakley, and Conger met at the volunteer work. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:675
Paniagua is an electrician. Hocutt is a labourer. Schwing is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Thomasson is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the yoga class, Paniagua, Hocutt, Thomasson, and Schwing started a conversation. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:676
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Boswell is a mechanic. Rather is an optician. Wehr is a lifeguard. Dollar is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the music and art festival, Rather, Dollar, Wehr, and Boswell connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:677
Bamford is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Moultrie is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcgarvey is a bus driver. Hazelton is a lifeguard. At the cooking class, Hazelton, Bamford, Moultrie, and Mcgarvey connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:678
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Greaves is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Sinha is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Hague is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Huhn is a nurse. At the charity run, Sinha, Huhn, Greaves, and Hague ran into each other. There is a lot of other play places on the map. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:679
Herrod is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cortese is a carpenter. Tulloch is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Whitcomb is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the concert, Herrod, Cortese, Tulloch, and Whitcomb ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:680
Nix is a plumber. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Broyles is a model. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Gupton is a mechanic. Mitton is a lecturer. Nix, Broyles, Gupton, and Mitton met at the design expo. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:681
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Jessop is a model. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Tieu is a dentist. Celentano is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Leija is a chef. At the social community gathering, Leija, Celentano, Jessop, and Tieu started a conversation. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:682
Riggio is a stocking associate. Wininger is an optician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Vangorder is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Moores is a newsreader. At the alumni event, Vangorder, Wininger, Moores, and Riggio ran into each other. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:683
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Surface is a plumber. Nevarez is a dentist. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sandridge is an accountant. Ackerson is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the charity run, Ackerson, Nevarez, Sandridge, and Surface ran into each other. The games are a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:684
Ducharme is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Shrum is a model. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Saini is a factory worker. Rego is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the french class, Shrum, Ducharme, Saini, and Rego ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:685
Claar is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Fisk is a lifeguard. Dimeo is a newsreader. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Rabago is a factory worker. At the french class, Dimeo, Rabago, Claar, and Fisk connected. Classes teach new things every week. They reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:686
Dileo is a labourer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Banas is a plumber. Strader is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Scates is a mechanic. At the commuter bus, Banas, Scates, Strader, and Dileo met. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:687
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wiedemann is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Snelson is a hairdresser. Torpey is a bus driver. Ehret is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the high intensity class, Ehret, Torpey, Wiedemann, and Snelson met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:688
Henriquez is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Heckel is a labourer. Livengood is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hack is a mechanic. Hack, Heckel, Henriquez, and Livengood met at the local talk. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:689
Ruggiero is a bus driver. Horning is a carpenter. Fogleman is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Freshour is a dentist. At the volunteer work, Fogleman, Horning, Freshour, and Ruggiero ran into each other. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:690
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Alejandre is a plumber. Roquemore is a traffic warden. Eckenrode is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wolfer is a chef. At the alumni event, Eckenrode, Wolfer, Roquemore, and Alejandre met. The event is free and open to all people. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:691
Clothier is an electrician. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Sutphin is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Utz is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Lafrance is a factory worker. At the concert, Lafrance, Utz, Clothier, and Sutphin met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:692
Daher is a chef. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Pigeon is a mechanic. Kreider is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pumphrey is a labourer. At the rideshare, Daher, Pumphrey, Pigeon, and Kreider started a conversation. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:693
Agostini is a nurse. Moles is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wroblewski is a model. Swint is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the library, Moles, Agostini, Wroblewski, and Swint met. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:694
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Arreguin is an electrician. Brickley is an accountant. Oxley is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Hullinger is a bus driver. At the french class, Oxley, Hullinger, Arreguin, and Brickley met. It's a huge place! She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:695
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sarkisian is a bus driver. Mclaren is a teacher. Armentrout is a plumber. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Blackmore is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the subway, Mclaren, Sarkisian, Armentrout, and Blackmore ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:696
Crampton is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Kleven is a lifeguard. Putz is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bonham is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the volunteer work, Bonham, Kleven, Putz, and Crampton ran into each other. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:697
Ader is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Bastida is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Calles is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Meister is a stocking associate. At the dog park, Bastida, Calles, Meister, and Ader ran into each other. The park has a running track. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:698
Keiper is an accountant. Printz is a bus driver. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Devos is a hairdresser. Pinard is a newsreader. Keiper, Devos, Pinard, and Printz met at the public park. The park has many plants and flowers. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:699
Spruell is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mungo is a hairdresser. Bellard is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hennis is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the design expo, Spruell, Bellard, Hennis, and Mungo ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:700
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Westerman is a mechanic. Kuebler is a plumber. Weng is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Chinn is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the public park, Kuebler, Chinn, Westerman, and Weng connected. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:701
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Woodard is a stocking associate. Woosley is a carpenter. Lowman is a hairdresser. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Amato is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the high intensity class, Woodard, Woosley, Lowman, and Amato connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:702
Truss is a factory worker. Caufield is a mechanic. Stromberg is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gore is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Truss, Gore, Caufield, and Stromberg met at the concert. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:703
Ovalle is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Trammel is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Roeder is a carpenter. Tressler is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Roeder, Tressler, Trammel, and Ovalle met at the market. The market is a big source of income for many people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:704
Pucci is an optician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Tufts is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Ragin is a factory worker. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hollinger is a chef. At the gallery opening event, Tufts, Ragin, Pucci, and Hollinger ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:705
Barden is a nurse. Pickle is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Barroso is a chef. Frazee is a teacher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the food festival, Frazee, Barroso, Barden, and Pickle ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:706
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Elsayed is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pitman is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Membreno is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hepburn is a stocking associate. At the music festival, Membreno, Pitman, Elsayed, and Hepburn ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:707
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cover is an accountant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mcnaughton is an optician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Dittmer is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gault is a lifeguard. At the beer making classes, Mcnaughton, Gault, Cover, and Dittmer started a conversation. It's a huge place! Ze told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:708
Cousar is a hairdresser. Fisk is a model. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Batiste is a carpenter. Gilstrap is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the open mic night, Cousar, Fisk, Batiste, and Gilstrap started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:709
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lew is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Tieu is a nurse. Acker is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Cowger is a bus driver. Tieu, Lew, Cowger, and Acker met at the rideshare. Public transports are easy to find. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:710
Dimmick is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Eells is a traffic warden. Silguero is a teacher. Snead is a hairdresser. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the crossfit class, Silguero, Dimmick, Eells, and Snead started a conversation. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:711
Santamaria is a labourer. Warnock is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Santillanes is a lecturer. Strayer is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the volunteer work, Strayer, Santamaria, Santillanes, and Warnock started a conversation. A hurricane or other natural calamity can be a good reason to volunteer at a charity center. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:712
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Guevara is a lecturer. Gann is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Strunk is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Goines is a model. At the new year party, Gann, Guevara, Strunk, and Goines started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:713
Hearn is a carpenter. Clothier is a hairdresser. Trogdon is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Khawaja is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Trogdon, Clothier, Khawaja, and Hearn met at the volunteer work. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:714
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Kochan is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Strawbridge is a teacher. Lemons is a traffic warden. Haner is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the library, Haner, Kochan, Strawbridge, and Lemons met. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:715
Exline is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Celis is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Goehring is a carpenter. Mebane is a factory worker. At the public park, Goehring, Mebane, Celis, and Exline started a conversation. The birds are wild and hungry! Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:716
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Nicks is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Wescott is a mechanic. Weisner is a lecturer. Cazarez is an accountant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nicks, Cazarez, Weisner, and Wescott met at the alumni event. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:717
Hazelton is a labourer. Minix is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Doyal is a bus driver. Frey is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Frey, Doyal, Minix, and Hazelton met at the fundraiser. A large number of people attend these events. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:718
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hiser is an accountant. Froelich is a dentist. Laprade is a labourer. Rauscher is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the gallery opening event, Hiser, Froelich, Laprade, and Rauscher started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:719
Green is a plumber. Neubauer is a mechanic. Rayborn is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Reaves is a labourer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the bar, Reaves, Green, Rayborn, and Neubauer met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:720
Verma is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. South is a carpenter. Thrift is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Deloney is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the trivia night, Deloney, Thrift, Verma, and South met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:721
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Sautter is a model. Weigand is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Acker is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Voltz is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the music and art festival, Acker, Sautter, Voltz, and Weigand connected. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:722
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Salva is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Weir is a model. Seaton is a chef. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Housel is a dentist. At the rock climbing gym, Seaton, Salva, Housel, and Weir ran into each other. The gym is a great place to exercise in the winter. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:723
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Studer is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Claeys is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Beaulieu is a nurse. Ardis is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the volunteer work, Studer, Beaulieu, Ardis, and Claeys ran into each other. Volunteers can come to the city, visit a homeless center, have lunch, take a bite or watch a wildlife rescue in other city areas. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:724
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Smalls is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bi is a newsreader. Wagar is a mechanic. Boyden is a lifeguard. At the charity run, Bi, Wagar, Boyden, and Smalls met. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:725
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sutcliffe is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Krogh is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mccombs is a mechanic. Kowalski is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the social community gathering, Sutcliffe, Kowalski, Krogh, and Mccombs met. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:726
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lampley is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Hendren is a dentist. Russo is a chef. Kreitzer is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the trivia night, Russo, Kreitzer, Hendren, and Lampley met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:727
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Gormley is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mitcham is an electrician. Manansala is a lifeguard. Plant is a bus driver. At the rideshare, Manansala, Mitcham, Gormley, and Plant connected. Public transports are easy to find. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:728
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Denlinger is a dentist. Tatro is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Faust is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Fielder is a stocking associate. At the library, Faust, Tatro, Denlinger, and Fielder connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:729
Alberti is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Eastburn is a plumber. Burdick is a mechanic. Torpey is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Burdick, Torpey, Alberti, and Eastburn met at the library. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:730
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Owensby is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Chirino is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Coblentz is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Andress is a nurse. Coblentz, Andress, Chirino, and Owensby met at the dog park. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:731
Sterns is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Dunn is a mechanic. Moen is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Nemeth is a bus driver. Dunn, Moen, Sterns, and Nemeth met at the trivia night. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:732
Sliva is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Skoglund is a carpenter. Woosley is a plumber. Mowrey is a nurse. Woosley, Sliva, Skoglund, and Mowrey met at the charity car wash. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:733
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mandel is a plumber. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Vest is a model. Schermerhorn is a nurse. Broaddus is a labourer. Broaddus, Vest, Mandel, and Schermerhorn met at the volunteer work. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:734
Hooker is a labourer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bodnar is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Cervera is a nurse. Cadle is a dentist. At the power yoga class, Bodnar, Cadle, Cervera, and Hooker started a conversation. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:735
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Etheridge is a hairdresser. Davila is a labourer. Whang is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Yau is a chef. Whang, Davila, Etheridge, and Yau met at the sports bar. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:736
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sperber is a mechanic. Haynes is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Elizarraraz is an optician. Suydam is a carpenter. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the high intensity class, Suydam, Sperber, Haynes, and Elizarraraz started a conversation. Classes provide fun and challenge. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:737
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fonville is a dentist. Morell is a labourer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Dvorak is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Becnel is a stocking associate. At the social community gathering, Dvorak, Becnel, Morell, and Fonville ran into each other. We have to work together through different platforms. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:738
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wicker is an electrician. Kurth is a newsreader. Cloyd is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Perdomo is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the music festival, Perdomo, Kurth, Wicker, and Cloyd ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:739
Bose is a chef. Peery is an optician. Culbertson is a carpenter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Ayers is a newsreader. Culbertson, Ayers, Peery, and Bose met at the beach. The ocean is peaceful. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:740
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Tague is a mechanic. Workman is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Masuda is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Middaugh is a carpenter. At the market, Middaugh, Workman, Masuda, and Tague started a conversation. The market is still so volatile at this time of the year. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:741
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nath is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Fogleman is a labourer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Wingler is a plumber. Amey is a factory worker. At the gallery opening event, Amey, Fogleman, Nath, and Wingler connected. A lot of people participate in these events! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:742
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Goodpaster is a plumber. Recinos is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Catlett is a hairdresser. Delph is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Delph, Goodpaster, Catlett, and Recinos met at the cooking class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:743
Gallant is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Davila is a labourer. Faust is a dentist. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Waddington is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the concert, Waddington, Davila, Gallant, and Faust ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:744
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Huot is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Hartung is a model. Weatherly is a factory worker. Alsup is a teacher. At the music and art festival, Alsup, Hartung, Huot, and Weatherly connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:745
Harty is a newsreader. Gullo is a lifeguard. Weissman is a model. Petitt is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the sports bar, Gullo, Petitt, Weissman, and Harty ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:746
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mcqueary is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Canavan is a carpenter. Puentes is an accountant. Oviedo is a bus driver. At the wedding, Oviedo, Mcqueary, Canavan, and Puentes started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:747
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kellerman is a factory worker. Yeager is a mechanic. Burrus is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mckinnon is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the food festival, Burrus, Kellerman, Mckinnon, and Yeager ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:748
Lauver is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Chunn is a nurse. Bainter is an optician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gillette is a bus driver. Bainter, Lauver, Gillette, and Chunn met at the trivia night. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:749
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Boudreaux is an optician. Dula is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Shields is a nurse. Risner is a teacher. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the rideshare, Dula, Risner, Shields, and Boudreaux started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:750
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Naugle is a carpenter. Shoemake is a nurse. Basham is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hatton is a traffic warden. At the music and art festival, Hatton, Naugle, Basham, and Shoemake connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:751
Minto is an optician. Hurlbert is a mechanic. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lederer is a newsreader. Puryear is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the trivia night, Lederer, Hurlbert, Puryear, and Minto ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:752
Miers is a stocking associate. Chong is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hockett is a labourer. Timmins is a carpenter. At the charity car wash, Timmins, Chong, Miers, and Hockett met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:753
Cadiz is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hunley is a plumber. Barranco is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Infante is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the bar, Infante, Barranco, Cadiz, and Hunley met. The food here is very tasty. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:754
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Swihart is a factory worker. Mehl is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Dumlao is a stocking associate. Acuff is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the beach, Acuff, Mehl, Swihart, and Dumlao ran into each other. The beach is just right, the ocean is n't too big, people and the sun are always just right. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:755
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Roye is a plumber. Harbert is an accountant. Lattimore is a newsreader. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Fosdick is an optician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the hotel, Roye, Lattimore, Harbert, and Fosdick started a conversation. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:756
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Coatney is a nurse. Sheetz is an electrician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Arp is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Ducharme is a factory worker. At the french class, Sheetz, Arp, Coatney, and Ducharme connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:757
Pleasant is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Suiter is a traffic warden. Galindez is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Trombetta is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the charity car wash, Suiter, Trombetta, Galindez, and Pleasant met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:758
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Henao is a factory worker. Woosley is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Drucker is a model. Phipps is a hairdresser. At the crossfit class, Woosley, Henao, Drucker, and Phipps ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:759
Creasy is a traffic warden. Yepes is a plumber. Bazzi is a nurse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Meek is a mechanic. At the local talk, Creasy, Yepes, Bazzi, and Meek started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:760
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Byrns is a labourer. Cotter is a carpenter. Smythe is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Akter is a dentist. At the dog park, Byrns, Smythe, Akter, and Cotter met. The park has a park toilet as well! She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:761
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Baham is a lifeguard. Skoglund is a plumber. Baltz is a labourer. Blackmore is a bus driver. At the hotel, Blackmore, Baltz, Skoglund, and Baham ran into each other. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:762
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hodnett is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Parmley is a traffic warden. Hursey is a plumber. Raber is a labourer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the public park, Hodnett, Parmley, Hursey, and Raber met. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:763
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Sutcliffe is a plumber. Mineo is a teacher. Maysonet is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Carr is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the charity car wash, Maysonet, Mineo, Sutcliffe, and Carr ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ey reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:764
Tressler is a plumber. Koon is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Greenfield is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Buscemi is a carpenter. At the power yoga class, Koon, Greenfield, Tressler, and Buscemi started a conversation. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. Ze reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:765
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Avalos is a lifeguard. Caruthers is a model. Radcliff is an optician. Gunnels is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the rock climbing gym, Radcliff, Caruthers, Avalos, and Gunnels ran into each other. The men and women of all age groups are welcome at the gym! He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:766
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Odea is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gwinn is an optician. Vines is a chef. Egner is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the volunteer work, Odea, Egner, Gwinn, and Vines started a conversation. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:767
Houghtaling is a lifeguard. Richey is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Furtado is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Macomber is a mechanic. At the volunteer work, Richey, Furtado, Macomber, and Houghtaling started a conversation. Volunteering will bring confidence. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:768
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hopwood is a factory worker. Westbrook is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Follett is a teacher. Busick is a model. At the fundraiser, Westbrook, Follett, Busick, and Hopwood ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:769
Penna is a dentist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Timmer is an electrician. Alcock is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Yamashita is a plumber. At the bar, Penna, Timmer, Alcock, and Yamashita ran into each other. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:770
Verma is a newsreader. Boatner is a teacher. Barroso is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Villalpando is an electrician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Barroso, Villalpando, Verma, and Boatner met at the social community gathering. It is a place of faith. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:771
Wolak is an optician. Engelmann is a carpenter. Pruneda is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Berthiaume is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the subway, Wolak, Engelmann, Berthiaume, and Pruneda ran into each other. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:772
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Berkey is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cevallos is a dentist. Gallucci is an electrician. Crager is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Berkey, Cevallos, Crager, and Gallucci met at the dog park. The park looks nice. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:773
Matherly is a hairdresser. Fernandes is a model. Boyden is a lifeguard. Ruvalcaba is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the dog park, Boyden, Fernandes, Ruvalcaba, and Matherly met. The park is very green and refreshing. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:774
Giron is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mcqueary is a lifeguard. Chitwood is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Larocca is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mcqueary, Giron, Chitwood, and Larocca met at the high intensity class. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:775
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Chiasson is a chef. Clutter is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hathcock is a model. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bingaman is a mechanic. At the crossfit class, Clutter, Chiasson, Hathcock, and Bingaman ran into each other. Classes are well organized. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:776
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Fish is a lecturer. Lebaron is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Pankow is a carpenter. Grimmer is a teacher. At the volunteer work, Fish, Lebaron, Pankow, and Grimmer connected. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:777
Corman is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gose is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Legault is an electrician. Reimers is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the beach, Corman, Reimers, Legault, and Gose met. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:778
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Thill is a newsreader. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Russo is a model. Wu is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Skoglund is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the bar, Russo, Thill, Wu, and Skoglund started a conversation. The coffee cake is quite good. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:779
Lintz is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Waltz is a factory worker. Breneman is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Cascio is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the ski resort party, Breneman, Cascio, Lintz, and Waltz met. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:780
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Shiver is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Dingler is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Palmatier is a factory worker. Carnley is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the alumni event, Dingler, Shiver, Carnley, and Palmatier connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:781
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Vong is an accountant. Sharma is a chef. Powe is a mechanic. Tindell is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the dog park, Sharma, Vong, Tindell, and Powe met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:782
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Guarino is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Peckham is a lifeguard. Kittinger is a hairdresser. Asbell is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the cooking class, Peckham, Asbell, Kittinger, and Guarino ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:783
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lombardo is a teacher. Loucks is a lifeguard. Bookout is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cardinale is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the ski resort party, Loucks, Bookout, Cardinale, and Lombardo ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:784
Cowger is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Deboer is a traffic warden. Hardman is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dickerson is an accountant. At the library, Dickerson, Cowger, Deboer, and Hardman ran into each other. This is the best way to find out what more people want to know about reading trends. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:785
Lajoie is a labourer. Lueders is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kardos is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Stroud is a stocking associate. At the social community gathering, Lueders, Kardos, Stroud, and Lajoie ran into each other. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:786
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wiese is a chef. Marrero is a hairdresser. Jimmerson is a mechanic. Raff is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the market, Marrero, Wiese, Jimmerson, and Raff met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:787
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Alewine is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stills is an optician. Hartness is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Murchison is a carpenter. At the cooking class, Hartness, Stills, Alewine, and Murchison started a conversation. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:788
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Leonhardt is a lecturer. Steinke is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mattila is a mechanic. Touchet is an optician. At the sports bar, Leonhardt, Steinke, Touchet, and Mattila met. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:789
Claxton is an accountant. Waltz is a plumber. Guilford is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Arner is a bus driver. Guilford, Waltz, Claxton, and Arner met at the beach. The ocean is peaceful. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:790
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Matsumoto is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Tarbox is a nurse. Doherty is a traffic warden. Land is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity run, Doherty, Land, Tarbox, and Matsumoto started a conversation. It feels good to have a different sense of environment. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:791
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Falconer is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Shim is a model. Berliner is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Gilmartin is a teacher. At the fundraiser, Berliner, Shim, Gilmartin, and Falconer started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:792
Mizelle is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fleming is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Valenti is an accountant. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Tauber is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the fundraiser, Valenti, Fleming, Tauber, and Mizelle ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:793
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Riebe is a traffic warden. Cheever is a hairdresser. Rolf is a newsreader. Schaible is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the beach, Schaible, Cheever, Rolf, and Riebe ran into each other. For years, there was very little activity to this point in the sand of the beach, and now it's all but empty. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:794
Askew is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ruppert is a model. Agnew is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Nicholls is an optician. At the commuter bus, Ruppert, Agnew, Askew, and Nicholls started a conversation. Public transports are affordable. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:795
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Smail is an accountant. Tremblay is a newsreader. Mcgeorge is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Saini is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the beach, Saini, Tremblay, Smail, and Mcgeorge ran into each other. The beach is just right, the ocean is n't too big, people and the sun are always just right. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:796
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hervey is a labourer. Holm is an optician. Meola is a newsreader. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lacasse is a nurse. At the market, Hervey, Holm, Meola, and Lacasse ran into each other. Markets are full of surprises! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:797
Recinos is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bobo is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hoffmann is a mechanic. Pasternak is a hairdresser. At the gallery opening event, Hoffmann, Recinos, Pasternak, and Bobo started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:798
Sciacca is a mechanic. Mcveigh is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Fowles is a nurse. Saling is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the public park, Saling, Mcveigh, Sciacca, and Fowles started a conversation. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:799
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Tremblay is a chef. Boersma is a lifeguard. Authement is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mowrey is a bus driver. At the bar, Tremblay, Mowrey, Authement, and Boersma ran into each other. The place was crowded. Ey told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:800
Haug is a factory worker. Snook is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Buhler is a stocking associate. Loveday is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the beach, Loveday, Buhler, Haug, and Snook met. The beach is full of a sense of awe and awe - inspiring beauty. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:801
Lago is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Levenson is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Crivello is a lifeguard. Melnick is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the rock climbing gym, Lago, Crivello, Levenson, and Melnick met. Going to a gym is the best idea to just focus on fitness goals. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:802
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mantilla is a plumber. Imler is a bus driver. Dimatteo is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Montalto is a labourer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the french class, Mantilla, Imler, Montalto, and Dimatteo connected. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:803
Eddins is a factory worker. Nord is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Western is a nurse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Lowman is a dentist. At the yoga class, Western, Lowman, Nord, and Eddins started a conversation. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:804
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Parise is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lowman is a labourer. Desouza is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Kayser is a traffic warden. At the rideshare, Kayser, Lowman, Parise, and Desouza started a conversation. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:805
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Downer is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Music is a bus driver. Deville is a newsreader. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Wilken is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the ski resort party, Deville, Music, Wilken, and Downer met. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. They reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:806
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kirsch is a lecturer. Drexler is a plumber. Lash is an electrician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rinaldi is a chef. At the high intensity class, Rinaldi, Kirsch, Drexler, and Lash ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:807
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Skowronski is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hobby is a bus driver. Brookshire is a factory worker. Coomer is an accountant. Coomer, Skowronski, Brookshire, and Hobby met at the charity run. There is plenty of food to eat here. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:808
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Deberry is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Lohmann is a factory worker. Smoot is a chef. Ryals is a carpenter. At the hotel, Deberry, Lohmann, Ryals, and Smoot met. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:809
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Reader is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Romine is an electrician. Ehret is a lecturer. Levenson is a lifeguard. Ehret, Romine, Reader, and Levenson met at the design expo. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:810
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Byington is an optician. Billingsley is an electrician. Bigley is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mcferrin is a lifeguard. Bigley, Billingsley, Mcferrin, and Byington met at the yoga class. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:811
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Shore is a factory worker. Popham is a nurse. Greenough is a plumber. Pires is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the wedding, Popham, Greenough, Shore, and Pires connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:812
Stell is an optician. Shore is a traffic warden. Krull is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Colindres is a lifeguard. At the volunteer work, Krull, Shore, Colindres, and Stell connected. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:813
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Neuenschwander is a plumber. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Poteat is a dentist. Hammett is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lechner is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lechner, Neuenschwander, Poteat, and Hammett met at the bar. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:814
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Halvorsen is a model. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Spearman is an optician. Marten is an electrician. Lamas is a dentist. Marten, Lamas, Halvorsen, and Spearman met at the rock climbing gym. The gym is located in Yap in Taipei, China and is the world's biggest gymnasium of its kind. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:815
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Reiber is a stocking associate. Hosch is a newsreader. Felder is a mechanic. Liner is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the beer making classes, Hosch, Felder, Reiber, and Liner ran into each other. This class has amazing outcomes. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:816
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lauterbach is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Dinger is an optician. Hicks is a lecturer. Luciani is a carpenter. Luciani, Hicks, Lauterbach, and Dinger met at the local talk. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:817
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Zielke is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mealy is an optician. Colwell is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Walther is a model. At the fundraiser, Zielke, Walther, Mealy, and Colwell started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:818
Jellison is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Games is a model. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mancillas is a traffic warden. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Acosta is a labourer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mancillas, Games, Jellison, and Acosta met at the market. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:819
Risch is a teacher. Dyer is a lecturer. Isham is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Stecker is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the charity run, Isham, Risch, Dyer, and Stecker met. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:820
Waller is a bus driver. Elsner is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ristau is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lundberg is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the rock climbing gym, Lundberg, Waller, Elsner, and Ristau met. It's a small and fun place. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:821
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Tourville is a teacher. Albee is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Naquin is an electrician. Hermann is a lifeguard. At the public park, Albee, Tourville, Naquin, and Hermann ran into each other. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:822
Chapa is a traffic warden. Moran is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kriss is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Witkowski is a carpenter. At the subway, Witkowski, Chapa, Moran, and Kriss started a conversation. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:823
Grabowski is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Basham is an optician. Hightower is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Turcotte is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the fundraiser, Hightower, Basham, Grabowski, and Turcotte started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:824
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Graziano is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Reeser is a factory worker. Muntz is a lecturer. Barbato is a plumber. At the alumni event, Graziano, Reeser, Barbato, and Muntz ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:825
Enamorado is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Weakland is a lifeguard. Tallman is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fekete is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the hotel, Fekete, Enamorado, Tallman, and Weakland started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:826
Gibby is a traffic warden. Oberholtzer is a chef. Parrino is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Celis is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the wedding, Celis, Gibby, Parrino, and Oberholtzer ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:827
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Goodrich is a nurse. Stubbs is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dimmick is a hairdresser. Legrand is a plumber. Goodrich, Dimmick, Stubbs, and Legrand met at the social community gathering. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:828
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ferman is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Paynter is a mechanic. Heideman is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ammons is a chef. Heideman, Ferman, Ammons, and Paynter met at the high intensity class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:829
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lynam is a factory worker. Brutus is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stitt is a dentist. Bagwell is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Stitt, Brutus, Bagwell, and Lynam met at the cooking class. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:830
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Buffington is a lecturer. Eye is a factory worker. Gately is a chef. Shankle is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Shankle, Buffington, Eye, and Gately met at the hotel. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:831
Holdren is a labourer. Linkous is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Larabee is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lax is a mechanic. At the gallery opening event, Holdren, Larabee, Lax, and Linkous ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:832
Orona is a newsreader. Sin is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Dall is a teacher. Cater is a hairdresser. At the crossfit class, Cater, Sin, Orona, and Dall started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:833
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mccardle is a model. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hickox is a bus driver. Duarte is an optician. Yerger is an electrician. At the design expo, Mccardle, Duarte, Hickox, and Yerger met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:834
Moorer is a traffic warden. Webber is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gillum is a mechanic. Mauney is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the alumni event, Webber, Mauney, Gillum, and Moorer met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:835
Dockter is a mechanic. Dye is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hatch is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rossow is a teacher. At the beer making classes, Dye, Rossow, Dockter, and Hatch started a conversation. Classes provide fun and challenge. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:836
Balk is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hargrove is a lifeguard. Elders is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Buehler is a mechanic. At the library, Hargrove, Elders, Buehler, and Balk met. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:837
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Spade is a dentist. Miers is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Paschall is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Markle is a mechanic. At the new year party, Paschall, Miers, Spade, and Markle connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:838
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ballantyne is a nurse. Griffey is a model. Sager is a factory worker. Waterbury is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ballantyne, Waterbury, Sager, and Griffey met at the dog park. The park is beautiful. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:839
Treadaway is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Rutledge is a teacher. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. East is a nurse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Deshpande is an accountant. At the sports bar, Deshpande, Treadaway, East, and Rutledge met. The drinks are served on time. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:840
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Tatro is a traffic warden. Vanderhoff is a hairdresser. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Witter is a stocking associate. Pippins is a lecturer. At the trivia night, Tatro, Pippins, Vanderhoff, and Witter started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:841
Arriola is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Wein is a lifeguard. Mix is a model. Fort is a hairdresser. Fort, Wein, Mix, and Arriola met at the bar. The place was crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:842
Arbaugh is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Shore is a bus driver. Canady is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Buford is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Shore, Buford, Canady, and Arbaugh met at the library. Nowadays a few types of web - sites do it all. That says more than anything, the community is an awesome resource for other things besides books for anyone to read. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:843
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kimbro is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Spellman is a lecturer. Chiasson is a model. Bewley is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the high intensity class, Bewley, Spellman, Chiasson, and Kimbro connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ze reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:844
Rothenberger is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sing is an optician. Weir is a chef. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Parisi is a model. At the sports bar, Weir, Sing, Rothenberger, and Parisi connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:845
Spitzer is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dorton is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Villacorta is a chef. Goggans is a labourer. At the commuter bus, Spitzer, Dorton, Villacorta, and Goggans connected. Public transports are affordable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:846
Mossman is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Byrnes is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Nakano is a factory worker. Gillen is a bus driver. At the cooking class, Byrnes, Nakano, Gillen, and Mossman started a conversation. Classes provide fun and challenge. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:847
Cao is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Kilpatrick is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Godina is a newsreader. Strand is a plumber. Strand, Godina, Cao, and Kilpatrick met at the local talk. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:848
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Haller is a hairdresser. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lauzon is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hollar is a stocking associate. Candela is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hollar, Lauzon, Candela, and Haller met at the ski resort party. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:849
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Darrington is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kistler is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Jessop is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Balliet is an optician. At the food festival, Jessop, Darrington, Balliet, and Kistler started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:850
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Licht is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Stankiewicz is a lecturer. Gillen is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Harrelson is a teacher. At the trivia night, Harrelson, Licht, Stankiewicz, and Gillen ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:851
Washam is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Pickard is a dentist. Kowalczyk is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Foulks is an electrician. At the high intensity class, Foulks, Pickard, Washam, and Kowalczyk ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:852
Dinardo is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Finnell is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Silcox is a labourer. Fransen is a chef. At the dog park, Silcox, Fransen, Dinardo, and Finnell connected. The trees are very nice for watching birds. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:853
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Schofield is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bohn is a newsreader. Kendricks is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Viator is a stocking associate. At the french class, Schofield, Viator, Kendricks, and Bohn connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:854
Basu is a lifeguard. Snoddy is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Oyer is a stocking associate. Cron is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the music festival, Basu, Oyer, Snoddy, and Cron ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:855
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lozada is a stocking associate. Bazzi is a model. Halvorsen is a labourer. Mead is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the open mic night, Lozada, Halvorsen, Bazzi, and Mead ran into each other. The event is still underway. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:856
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Benes is a traffic warden. Savoy is a bus driver. Dowe is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ealy is a mechanic. At the fundraiser, Benes, Ealy, Savoy, and Dowe started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:857
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Radabaugh is a labourer. Hinshaw is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Ung is a lecturer. Simonelli is a carpenter. At the local talk, Simonelli, Ung, Radabaugh, and Hinshaw ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:858
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Halladay is a hairdresser. Gunn is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Nurse is a carpenter. Arner is a traffic warden. At the beach, Nurse, Halladay, Gunn, and Arner met. There is another side of the ocean, in the form of a beach known as a' Pill Road'. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:859
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Luczak is an optician. Krenz is a stocking associate. Loeb is a labourer. Barclay is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the open mic night, Krenz, Barclay, Loeb, and Luczak met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. Ey reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:860
Oates is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Zeller is an optician. Koller is a carpenter. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Popov is a model. At the design expo, Popov, Zeller, Oates, and Koller ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:861
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Zornes is a lifeguard. Osullivan is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kahler is a labourer. Lipsey is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Zornes, Osullivan, Lipsey, and Kahler met at the ski resort party. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:862
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Wagstaff is a lecturer. Kruger is a traffic warden. Wichman is an electrician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Vass is an optician. At the social community gathering, Wagstaff, Kruger, Vass, and Wichman started a conversation. The service is what all the people have been working to do. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:863
Hirschman is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Wimberly is a stocking associate. Cerritos is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Heslop is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the local talk, Cerritos, Heslop, Hirschman, and Wimberly started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:864
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gobert is a chef. Santamaria is a carpenter. Pinon is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Picard is a stocking associate. At the market, Santamaria, Pinon, Picard, and Gobert met. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:865
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Paredes is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Colbert is a nurse. Adame is a plumber. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Yeager is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the market, Paredes, Colbert, Adame, and Yeager met. Markets are full of surprises! She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:866
Mcgoldrick is a plumber. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dowe is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Perine is an optician. Canady is an accountant. At the power yoga class, Dowe, Mcgoldrick, Perine, and Canady started a conversation. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:867
Mahaney is a nurse. Groner is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Engstrom is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Clute is a lifeguard. At the rideshare, Clute, Engstrom, Mahaney, and Groner connected. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:868
Orona is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Speller is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Krom is a bus driver. Belles is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the crossfit class, Belles, Orona, Speller, and Krom ran into each other. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:869
Casares is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Golightly is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kluge is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Crump is a mechanic. Kluge, Casares, Crump, and Golightly met at the gallery opening event. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:870
Brumm is a factory worker. Golson is a plumber. Leitner is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mccammon is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the crossfit class, Leitner, Mccammon, Brumm, and Golson connected. Classes provide fun and challenge. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:871
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mckeever is a teacher. Trinh is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Palmieri is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Nakano is a nurse. At the beach, Palmieri, Nakano, Mckeever, and Trinh ran into each other. The beach is full of birds. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:872
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lombard is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Ciampa is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Thrower is a plumber. Ginsberg is a lecturer. At the french class, Thrower, Ginsberg, Lombard, and Ciampa ran into each other. It's a huge place! He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:873
Stoltenberg is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hands is an accountant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Losh is a labourer. Walk is a lifeguard. At the alumni event, Losh, Stoltenberg, Walk, and Hands ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:874
Stivers is a teacher. Sikora is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Wakefield is a stocking associate. Truss is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Stivers, Sikora, Wakefield, and Truss met at the charity run. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:875
Crabill is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Aultman is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Callison is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Berard is a plumber. At the beach, Crabill, Callison, Berard, and Aultman connected. The beach is much cleaner than the most popular beach of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:876
Capobianco is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mantilla is a model. Batres is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Demoss is a stocking associate. At the beach, Mantilla, Batres, Capobianco, and Demoss ran into each other. The beach is made of sand but only in a beautiful, sunny place on the island of Nanga, about 100 km -LRB- 65 miles -RRB- southeast of the city. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:877
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Peel is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Arocho is a plumber. Sutterfield is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Melgoza is a bus driver. At the high intensity class, Arocho, Sutterfield, Peel, and Melgoza ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:878
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pickell is a stocking associate. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Drain is a hairdresser. Bratcher is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Elamin is a labourer. At the charity car wash, Pickell, Bratcher, Drain, and Elamin ran into each other. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:879
Engelmann is a chef. Slavik is a stocking associate. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lehmann is a dentist. Moulder is an electrician. At the alumni event, Moulder, Slavik, Lehmann, and Engelmann ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:880
Preiss is a traffic warden. Krenz is a teacher. Peed is a plumber. Adame is an accountant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the hotel, Peed, Preiss, Adame, and Krenz started a conversation. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:881
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Firth is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Munoz is an accountant. Jarmon is a newsreader. Jeanlouis is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the local talk, Jarmon, Munoz, Jeanlouis, and Firth connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:882
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sand is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Pimentel is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Few is a model. Lisk is an accountant. At the beer making classes, Few, Sand, Pimentel, and Lisk ran into each other. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:883
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bratcher is a traffic warden. Rambo is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lochner is a hairdresser. Mote is a stocking associate. Rambo, Mote, Lochner, and Bratcher met at the french class. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:884
Kujawa is a plumber. Ackman is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mckellar is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Macke is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the power yoga class, Kujawa, Macke, Mckellar, and Ackman connected. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:885
Lumpkins is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Luo is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Go is a nurse. Correll is an optician. At the charity run, Go, Luo, Correll, and Lumpkins met. It is fun to play here. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:886
Shoulders is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lareau is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lung is a dentist. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Deltoro is an accountant. At the beach, Deltoro, Shoulders, Lareau, and Lung started a conversation. The ocean is peaceful. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:887
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Whiteside is a dentist. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Wick is an accountant. Odea is a lifeguard. Valdivia is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Valdivia, Whiteside, Odea, and Wick met at the hotel. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:888
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Brizendine is a model. Guard is a bus driver. Leppert is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Vanderlaan is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the volunteer work, Leppert, Guard, Vanderlaan, and Brizendine connected. To participate, the participants must have a working record. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:889
Baham is a factory worker. Shiver is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Shuster is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Guilford is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the fundraiser, Baham, Shuster, Shiver, and Guilford met. A large number of people attend these events. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:890
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Buckingham is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Conover is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Spellman is a labourer. Balke is a lecturer. At the social community gathering, Spellman, Balke, Buckingham, and Conover met. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:891
Duck is a factory worker. Segars is a newsreader. Adkisson is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Peraza is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the subway, Adkisson, Peraza, Segars, and Duck met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:892
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Drewes is a teacher. Concha is an optician. Gassaway is a lifeguard. Kujawa is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the rock climbing gym, Concha, Drewes, Gassaway, and Kujawa started a conversation. It is open to all ages. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:893
Spearman is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Culpepper is a lecturer. Kirsch is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Nickel is a mechanic. At the charity car wash, Spearman, Culpepper, Nickel, and Kirsch ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:894
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ruck is an optician. Loesch is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Nolting is a teacher. Ferrera is an electrician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the power yoga class, Loesch, Ruck, Nolting, and Ferrera started a conversation. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:895
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Haigler is a dentist. Christman is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Garbarino is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Escalera is a traffic warden. At the public park, Escalera, Christman, Garbarino, and Haigler met. All the flowers in the park are so nice. Ze told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:896
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Griggs is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Haffner is an optician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mains is a plumber. Delgadillo is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the social community gathering, Griggs, Haffner, Delgadillo, and Mains connected. It is important to work together. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:897
Digby is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Leaman is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Knop is a dentist. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Oppenheim is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the music festival, Oppenheim, Leaman, Digby, and Knop connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:898
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Dement is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Harrelson is a plumber. Ratchford is a labourer. Noonan is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the volunteer work, Ratchford, Noonan, Dement, and Harrelson connected. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:899
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Ovalles is a model. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Delph is a hairdresser. Fiore is a mechanic. Bruening is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the wedding, Ovalles, Delph, Bruening, and Fiore ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:900
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Peachey is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rapoza is a traffic warden. Nipper is a carpenter. Qiu is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Peachey, Rapoza, Qiu, and Nipper met at the volunteer work. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:901
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Vandenberg is a lifeguard. Boice is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hedgecock is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Newswanger is a lecturer. At the rideshare, Boice, Newswanger, Vandenberg, and Hedgecock started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:902
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Linker is a teacher. Stillman is a lifeguard. Fenwick is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hoard is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hoard, Stillman, Fenwick, and Linker met at the bar. The beer is excellent. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:903
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Bruneau is an electrician. Tamez is a bus driver. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sandman is an optician. Knudson is a stocking associate. At the bar, Sandman, Knudson, Tamez, and Bruneau connected. It is a cool place to hang out. They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:904
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Ferrin is a bus driver. Hatfield is a factory worker. Menzies is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bartelt is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the charity run, Ferrin, Hatfield, Menzies, and Bartelt connected. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:905
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Yawn is a nurse. Pohlman is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hoppe is a chef. Shobe is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the french class, Hoppe, Yawn, Shobe, and Pohlman connected. Classes teach new things every week. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:906
Boudreau is an optician. Morelos is a nurse. Purifoy is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ridings is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the charity car wash, Boudreau, Morelos, Purifoy, and Ridings ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:907
Loring is a bus driver. Aubin is a dentist. Abebe is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Click is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the volunteer work, Click, Aubin, Loring, and Abebe ran into each other. Volunteering will bring confidence. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:908
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Krenz is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcardle is a bus driver. Kimpel is a dentist. Avalos is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the high intensity class, Avalos, Mcardle, Kimpel, and Krenz connected. Classes teach new things every week. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:909
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Zornes is a mechanic. Wolcott is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bobo is a chef. Larabee is a lifeguard. At the crossfit class, Wolcott, Larabee, Bobo, and Zornes met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:910
Fung is a traffic warden. Millman is an optician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cahn is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Saine is a model. At the social community gathering, Fung, Millman, Saine, and Cahn started a conversation. It is important to work together. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:911
Vallone is a labourer. Ducharme is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Risch is an accountant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Leppert is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the public park, Risch, Leppert, Ducharme, and Vallone ran into each other. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:912
Haught is a nurse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Brosnan is a dentist. Hatchett is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dunfee is a factory worker. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the music and art festival, Hatchett, Brosnan, Haught, and Dunfee ran into each other. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:913
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Villacorta is a hairdresser. Arencibia is an accountant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Leclerc is a newsreader. Kinyon is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Villacorta, Kinyon, Arencibia, and Leclerc met at the bar. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:914
Nightingale is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Seidman is a teacher. Pazos is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Stlaurent is a carpenter. At the music festival, Pazos, Seidman, Stlaurent, and Nightingale started a conversation. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:915
Saville is an optician. Gainer is a model. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Keim is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Croley is a newsreader. At the volunteer work, Gainer, Croley, Keim, and Saville connected. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:916
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Zorn is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcveigh is a traffic warden. Schechter is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Diederich is a lifeguard. At the concert, Zorn, Schechter, Diederich, and Mcveigh connected. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:917
Coatney is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rioux is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Kirksey is a hairdresser. Mccormack is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the concert, Mccormack, Coatney, Rioux, and Kirksey met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:918
Mcquiston is a lifeguard. Marchand is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Crum is a labourer. Shirey is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Crum, Marchand, Mcquiston, and Shirey met at the beer making classes. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:919
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ng is a bus driver. Aguinaldo is a labourer. Standifer is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mahr is a factory worker. At the hotel, Standifer, Aguinaldo, Ng, and Mahr connected. The coffee tea is great. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:920
Astorga is a bus driver. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Spink is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Moberg is a factory worker. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Sprecher is an optician. Sprecher, Astorga, Spink, and Moberg met at the beach. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:921
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Frisk is a stocking associate. Aispuro is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Donis is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Krenz is an optician. At the trivia night, Donis, Krenz, Frisk, and Aispuro connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. They told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:922
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Ortego is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hardwick is a factory worker. Vines is a chef. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Westhoff is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the library, Hardwick, Ortego, Westhoff, and Vines started a conversation. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:923
Maciejewski is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Prange is an optician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Seamster is a teacher. Hecker is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the concert, Prange, Maciejewski, Hecker, and Seamster started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:924
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Upton is a carpenter. Thiede is a nurse. Beirne is an accountant. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hemenway is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the library, Thiede, Hemenway, Beirne, and Upton ran into each other. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:925
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Yard is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Roller is an accountant. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Goggans is a model. Hayek is a nurse. At the concert, Hayek, Roller, Goggans, and Yard ran into each other. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:926
Defelice is a dentist. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Hine is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Melnick is a lecturer. Vanzandt is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the social community gathering, Hine, Melnick, Vanzandt, and Defelice connected. The community has an open kitchen. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:927
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hollifield is an optician. South is a chef. Spitler is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wachtel is a stocking associate. At the power yoga class, Hollifield, Wachtel, South, and Spitler met. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:928
Fonville is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Vandenberg is a dentist. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Erving is an optician. Hackworth is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the bar, Vandenberg, Fonville, Erving, and Hackworth ran into each other. The food here has some of the best food in the city. Ey told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:929
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tercero is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Leppert is a chef. Greenawalt is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Preble is a newsreader. Tercero, Greenawalt, Preble, and Leppert met at the ski resort party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:930
Clute is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Clayborn is a labourer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bottoms is a model. Crum is a traffic warden. At the trivia night, Clute, Crum, Clayborn, and Bottoms met. A lot of people participate in these events! They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:931
Goss is a factory worker. Saravia is a hairdresser. Birge is a stocking associate. Benites is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the market, Benites, Saravia, Goss, and Birge met. The market is divided into sub-markets. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:932
Leighty is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hendley is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Whitlatch is a lifeguard. Bennion is a chef. At the food festival, Whitlatch, Hendley, Leighty, and Bennion connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:933
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Gingras is a hairdresser. Owens is a factory worker. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Immel is an optician. Troupe is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity car wash, Immel, Troupe, Owens, and Gingras connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:934
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kendricks is a nurse. Zaman is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hodnett is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Candler is a hairdresser. At the subway, Kendricks, Hodnett, Candler, and Zaman started a conversation. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:935
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Clubb is a teacher. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Cabot is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Desir is a dentist. Basulto is an optician. At the sports bar, Cabot, Desir, Clubb, and Basulto met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:936
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rybak is a model. Fast is a nurse. Lederer is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bratton is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the cooking class, Lederer, Bratton, Fast, and Rybak started a conversation. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:937
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Shull is a traffic warden. Benefiel is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Yamashita is a mechanic. Music is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Yamashita, Benefiel, Music, and Shull met at the music festival. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ey told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:938
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Simmers is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Blumberg is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Chenevert is a chef. Sloss is a lecturer. At the ski resort party, Blumberg, Chenevert, Sloss, and Simmers met. The party is free entry for everyone. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:939
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Loiselle is a chef. Krajewski is an electrician. Overstreet is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Swink is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Krajewski, Overstreet, Swink, and Loiselle met at the charity run. The games were fun, the food was amazing, the people were friendly, but there was a huge difference. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:940
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Smithers is a hairdresser. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Conte is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Musso is a model. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Canedo is a nurse. At the music festival, Smithers, Musso, Canedo, and Conte met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:941
Schnitzer is a bus driver. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Charpentier is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Minix is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Duan is a chef. At the ski resort party, Minix, Duan, Charpentier, and Schnitzer connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:942
Ehlers is a lifeguard. Batson is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hands is an optician. Mistretta is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Batson, Ehlers, Mistretta, and Hands met at the open mic night. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:943
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Vanderlaan is a traffic warden. Ferri is a factory worker. Gurganus is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Czerwinski is a newsreader. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the hotel, Gurganus, Czerwinski, Vanderlaan, and Ferri connected. The coffee tea is great. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:944
Geddes is an optician. Rettig is a lecturer. Meek is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Yopp is a traffic warden. Geddes, Yopp, Meek, and Rettig met at the social community gathering. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:945
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vail is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Borunda is a newsreader. Savarese is a dentist. Sickels is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the high intensity class, Vail, Borunda, Savarese, and Sickels started a conversation. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:946
Moseley is an optician. Shortt is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Boswell is a hairdresser. Moulder is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Moulder, Boswell, Moseley, and Shortt met at the design expo. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:947
Puerta is a lifeguard. Atencio is a labourer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Sanabria is a teacher. Murchison is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the public park, Puerta, Atencio, Sanabria, and Murchison started a conversation. The birds are wild and hungry! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:948
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Osullivan is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Wehner is a model. Werts is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Claus is a hairdresser. At the rideshare, Werts, Osullivan, Claus, and Wehner met. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:949
Shu is a newsreader. Tomberlin is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Zeller is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Licona is a labourer. At the charity car wash, Zeller, Shu, Tomberlin, and Licona started a conversation. The event is still underway. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:950
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Billings is a carpenter. Burge is a traffic warden. Stringfellow is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ibanez is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the wedding, Burge, Stringfellow, Billings, and Ibanez met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:951
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Kayser is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Stivers is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kreider is a hairdresser. Pastor is an accountant. At the power yoga class, Stivers, Kreider, Kayser, and Pastor connected. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:952
Shoemake is a lecturer. Stratford is an optician. Coonrod is a mechanic. Lor is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the new year party, Coonrod, Shoemake, Lor, and Stratford met. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:953
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Arbogast is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Cuesta is a nurse. Barcia is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Tenney is a lifeguard. Cuesta, Barcia, Arbogast, and Tenney met at the charity run. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:954
Dubbs is an optician. Hewes is a chef. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Luce is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Burden is a lifeguard. At the crossfit class, Burden, Luce, Dubbs, and Hewes met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:955
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Olivera is a bus driver. Hoisington is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fick is a chef. Twyman is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fick, Hoisington, Twyman, and Olivera met at the crossfit class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:956
Mcallister is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bonilla is a mechanic. Overstreet is a model. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Korn is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Korn, Bonilla, Overstreet, and Mcallister met at the gallery opening event. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:957
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Edenfield is a labourer. Sayles is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Greaves is a dentist. Helm is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the food festival, Edenfield, Greaves, Sayles, and Helm started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:958
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ashcroft is a lifeguard. Mcnamara is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Eakin is an optician. Macomber is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the subway, Macomber, Ashcroft, Mcnamara, and Eakin ran into each other. The public transports are public. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:959
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Meck is a hairdresser. Rode is an accountant. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Conder is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Villela is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the rock climbing gym, Conder, Meck, Rode, and Villela connected. The gym is located on the southeast side of the campus, which runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily at Lenny's Club. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:960
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hornung is a lecturer. Ehlers is a factory worker. Engleman is a nurse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kubik is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the market, Engleman, Ehlers, Kubik, and Hornung started a conversation. The market is open to all genders and ages. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:961
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wicker is a traffic warden. Omalley is an accountant. Foutz is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sorg is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the volunteer work, Foutz, Wicker, Omalley, and Sorg started a conversation. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:962
Graff is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Willison is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Westbrook is a bus driver. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Milburn is a factory worker. At the commuter bus, Graff, Milburn, Willison, and Westbrook ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:963
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wunderlich is a nurse. Magallanes is a teacher. Simonton is a newsreader. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Jepson is an optician. At the public park, Simonton, Magallanes, Wunderlich, and Jepson met. The picnic line is very short in this park. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:964
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hedges is a bus driver. Witherow is a mechanic. Holding is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Hoyle is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the cooking class, Hoyle, Holding, Witherow, and Hedges started a conversation. The class is fun! She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:965
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pinon is an electrician. Sansone is a model. Corchado is a mechanic. Buser is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the cooking class, Pinon, Corchado, Sansone, and Buser started a conversation. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:966
Hocker is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Shore is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Krom is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Coppock is a model. At the french class, Coppock, Krom, Shore, and Hocker met. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:967
Degroot is a dentist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Brookshire is a chef. Peet is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Verma is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Peet, Verma, Brookshire, and Degroot met at the social community gathering. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:968
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Shifflett is a nurse. Moores is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Leatherwood is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Grisby is an accountant. At the beer making classes, Grisby, Shifflett, Moores, and Leatherwood met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:969
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Salley is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cassel is a dentist. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Holle is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Hoff is a bus driver. At the ski resort party, Hoff, Cassel, Holle, and Salley connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:970
Hern is a teacher. Dollar is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Oppenheim is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Girouard is a lecturer. Hern, Dollar, Oppenheim, and Girouard met at the music festival. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:971
Karnes is a newsreader. Gardener is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Tercero is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bramblett is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the rock climbing gym, Bramblett, Gardener, Karnes, and Tercero started a conversation. The gym is designed to cater to the high end needs of the person. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:972
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Small is a mechanic. Bahr is a chef. Weir is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Cromwell is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the design expo, Weir, Small, Cromwell, and Bahr started a conversation. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:973
Hermann is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Godbold is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Babineaux is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mulloy is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the subway, Godbold, Babineaux, Mulloy, and Hermann ran into each other. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:974
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Aguinaldo is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Vandenberg is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mcshane is a lifeguard. Trieu is a factory worker. Trieu, Aguinaldo, Mcshane, and Vandenberg met at the public park. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:975
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lareau is a labourer. Holdren is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Galindez is a hairdresser. Drexler is an accountant. Galindez, Drexler, Holdren, and Lareau met at the fundraiser. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:976
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Tepper is an electrician. Cosgrove is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rupp is a mechanic. Dam is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the trivia night, Tepper, Cosgrove, Dam, and Rupp met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:977
Sublett is a bus driver. Krom is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Charney is a stocking associate. Broaddus is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the music and art festival, Charney, Sublett, Broaddus, and Krom met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:978
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ono is a stocking associate. Zoeller is a chef. Sowell is an optician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Olmstead is a teacher. At the new year party, Olmstead, Ono, Zoeller, and Sowell ran into each other. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:979
Minder is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Rambo is a model. Wakefield is a bus driver. Orban is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity run, Wakefield, Rambo, Minder, and Orban ran into each other. Nearly everyone loves sports and games. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:980
Truss is a labourer. Garrard is an accountant. Rieth is a bus driver. Brandenburg is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the local talk, Garrard, Rieth, Brandenburg, and Truss met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:981
Vong is a lifeguard. Obregon is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Porras is a hairdresser. Padden is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Vong, Padden, Porras, and Obregon met at the new year party. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:982
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Crick is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Seavey is a traffic warden. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bechard is a hairdresser. Hardman is a carpenter. At the social community gathering, Hardman, Crick, Bechard, and Seavey met. The community is moving through a number of options that would provide greater support to the community in future. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:983
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Wilburn is a plumber. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Nickles is a nurse. Lepper is an optician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Spink is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the volunteer work, Lepper, Spink, Wilburn, and Nickles started a conversation. The University offers several options to start volunteering service among student communities. Ze reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:984
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Gessner is a hairdresser. Lampley is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Darosa is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bernhardt is a model. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the cooking class, Bernhardt, Gessner, Lampley, and Darosa started a conversation. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:985
Lage is a mechanic. Falconer is a newsreader. Mizer is a nurse. Dahl is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the alumni event, Dahl, Falconer, Lage, and Mizer ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:986
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Zaborowski is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gines is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gore is a model. Radloff is a traffic warden. At the alumni event, Zaborowski, Gore, Gines, and Radloff met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:987
Taranto is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Poche is an accountant. Laxton is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Beaudoin is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the hotel, Poche, Beaudoin, Laxton, and Taranto ran into each other. The atmosphere was nice. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:988
Landwehr is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Woolery is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Towne is a bus driver. Gabrielson is an optician. At the dog park, Gabrielson, Towne, Woolery, and Landwehr ran into each other. The park has a running track. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:989
Poplawski is an accountant. Hague is a bus driver. Monroy is a mechanic. Stefanik is a chef. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hague, Stefanik, Monroy, and Poplawski met at the beer making classes. The class is extremely motivating. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:990
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Nims is a hairdresser. Santilli is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Delariva is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Ammons is a bus driver. At the concert, Delariva, Santilli, Ammons, and Nims connected. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:991
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Luciani is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dsouza is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Pendergast is a bus driver. Mcaninch is a newsreader. At the alumni event, Dsouza, Pendergast, Mcaninch, and Luciani ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:992
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Brickey is a chef. Buser is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Leming is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rudder is a newsreader. At the volunteer work, Buser, Brickey, Rudder, and Leming ran into each other. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:993
Fahy is an accountant. Mistry is a factory worker. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hamman is a nurse. Tincher is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the charity run, Hamman, Mistry, Fahy, and Tincher met. There is a lot of space to play games here. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:994
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Ledet is an electrician. Caswell is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Silguero is a hairdresser. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Sato is a model. Sato, Silguero, Caswell, and Ledet met at the library. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:995
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Sanz is a model. Crivello is a plumber. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hershman is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Maly is a carpenter. At the wedding, Hershman, Crivello, Maly, and Sanz met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:996
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Batey is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Goodrich is a lifeguard. Carrasco is a chef. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hackworth is a nurse. At the design expo, Hackworth, Carrasco, Batey, and Goodrich ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:997
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kwak is a newsreader. Schwan is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Rein is a nurse. Kincer is a lifeguard. At the alumni event, Schwan, Kwak, Rein, and Kincer met. A large number of people attend these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:998
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mcginty is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Smothers is a traffic warden. Shepardson is a plumber. Mcgarry is an electrician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the gallery opening event, Mcginty, Smothers, Shepardson, and Mcgarry met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:999
Baginski is a carpenter. Freeborn is a plumber. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Catano is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Klass is a factory worker. At the crossfit class, Freeborn, Baginski, Catano, and Klass connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1000
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Macko is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Olivo is an electrician. Labrador is a teacher. Awad is a carpenter. Labrador, Macko, Awad, and Olivo met at the wedding. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1001
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ziolkowski is a carpenter. Nightingale is a dentist. Raub is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Grassi is a lifeguard. At the design expo, Ziolkowski, Grassi, Nightingale, and Raub ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1002
Scarborough is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sullens is a stocking associate. Shank is a hairdresser. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hursh is a dentist. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the charity car wash, Sullens, Scarborough, Hursh, and Shank connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1003
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Laroche is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hargraves is an electrician. Speller is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Smothers is a stocking associate. At the social community gathering, Hargraves, Laroche, Smothers, and Speller started a conversation. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1004
Schlosser is a carpenter. Sereno is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mullins is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wolter is a model. At the concert, Mullins, Wolter, Schlosser, and Sereno met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1005
Carney is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Guillen is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Abrams is a stocking associate. Arriola is a mechanic. Carney, Guillen, Abrams, and Arriola met at the subway. People have different schedules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1006
Odom is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Forgione is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Goss is an accountant. Kangas is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the power yoga class, Forgione, Kangas, Goss, and Odom started a conversation. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1007
Petroff is a model. Cutshall is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hinds is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Rosenberg is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the cooking class, Petroff, Rosenberg, Hinds, and Cutshall connected. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. Ey reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1008
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Buffa is a chef. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Inskeep is a labourer. Halbert is a carpenter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Haner is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the rock climbing gym, Haner, Halbert, Inskeep, and Buffa ran into each other. The gym is a great place to exercise in the winter. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1009
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Claus is a teacher. Kerney is a labourer. Spoor is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Olah is a factory worker. At the rock climbing gym, Olah, Kerney, Spoor, and Claus met. People can really make a lasting impression off each other at the gym! She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1010
Bast is a lifeguard. Welliver is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Delorenzo is a bus driver. Westerman is a carpenter. At the ski resort party, Delorenzo, Westerman, Bast, and Welliver ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1011
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Windom is a teacher. Mcaninch is a labourer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcgehee is a chef. Strope is a nurse. At the concert, Mcgehee, Mcaninch, Strope, and Windom ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1012
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Chao is a lecturer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Amey is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wagers is an optician. Glasscock is a mechanic. At the music festival, Chao, Wagers, Amey, and Glasscock ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1013
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Krebs is a bus driver. Cogdill is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Thiele is a newsreader. Banales is a mechanic. Krebs, Banales, Thiele, and Cogdill met at the sports bar. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1014
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Horning is a mechanic. Hunsicker is a dentist. Karras is a teacher. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Schoen is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the public park, Karras, Schoen, Horning, and Hunsicker connected. The park is very peaceful. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1015
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Ranney is a plumber. Sales is a lifeguard. Hartung is a dentist. Stoner is a newsreader. At the power yoga class, Sales, Ranney, Stoner, and Hartung connected. Yoga is best done in silence. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1016
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Renninger is a newsreader. Thorp is a chef. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Luebke is a nurse. Casas is an electrician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the public park, Renninger, Luebke, Thorp, and Casas started a conversation. The park is very green and refreshing. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1017
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Telford is a lifeguard. Wickman is a labourer. Somerville is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hadlock is a lecturer. At the french class, Wickman, Telford, Hadlock, and Somerville connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1018
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Heidel is a bus driver. Rentschler is an accountant. Go is a labourer. Goulding is a hairdresser. At the gallery opening event, Heidel, Rentschler, Goulding, and Go ran into each other. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1019
Freed is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Steinberg is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wentworth is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Delcampo is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the power yoga class, Steinberg, Delcampo, Wentworth, and Freed met. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1020
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Eriksen is an accountant. Deemer is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Armendariz is a newsreader. Olds is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the rideshare, Olds, Eriksen, Deemer, and Armendariz connected. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1021
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hole is a nurse. Ro is a dentist. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Zurita is a labourer. Brockington is a mechanic. Zurita, Ro, Hole, and Brockington met at the open mic night. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1022
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Miceli is a labourer. Rezac is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Coldwell is a teacher. Grigoryan is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the food festival, Grigoryan, Miceli, Coldwell, and Rezac met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1023
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Burrus is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Hoff is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lesperance is a plumber. Loving is a lifeguard. At the cooking class, Lesperance, Hoff, Loving, and Burrus connected. This class has amazing outcomes. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1024
Dibble is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bookman is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lamontagne is a traffic warden. Emberton is a mechanic. At the sports bar, Emberton, Dibble, Lamontagne, and Bookman met. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1025
Duet is a chef. Linker is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Teegarden is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Dimauro is a stocking associate. Dimauro, Teegarden, Linker, and Duet met at the cooking class. This class has amazing outcomes. Ey told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1026
Dabbs is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Creedon is a hairdresser. Dehart is a carpenter. Shultz is a chef. At the crossfit class, Shultz, Creedon, Dabbs, and Dehart started a conversation. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1027
Middaugh is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Dahlberg is an electrician. Castano is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Howley is a lifeguard. At the fundraiser, Castano, Howley, Dahlberg, and Middaugh connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1028
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Burdick is a lecturer. Badgett is an accountant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Letendre is an optician. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Straw is a factory worker. At the subway, Badgett, Burdick, Letendre, and Straw met. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1029
Godines is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Haffner is a carpenter. Lightner is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Urquhart is a hairdresser. At the cooking class, Lightner, Godines, Haffner, and Urquhart ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1030
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lemmer is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Senecal is a traffic warden. Irizarry is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sabado is a labourer. At the high intensity class, Lemmer, Sabado, Irizarry, and Senecal met. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1031
Rominger is a factory worker. Deford is a teacher. Rosinski is an electrician. Puryear is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the volunteer work, Puryear, Rominger, Rosinski, and Deford ran into each other. To participate, the participants must have a working record. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1032
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ristau is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Reddick is a chef. Holm is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Nevels is a nurse. At the market, Ristau, Holm, Reddick, and Nevels connected. The market is a big source of income for many people. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1033
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Duval is a teacher. Rish is a hairdresser. Zazueta is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ochs is a dentist. At the gallery opening event, Duval, Ochs, Rish, and Zazueta started a conversation. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1034
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Summerlin is a dentist. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcburney is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Casarrubias is a nurse. Stalker is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the local talk, Mcburney, Summerlin, Casarrubias, and Stalker ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1035
Shobe is a chef. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bartz is a mechanic. Falcone is a model. Stabler is a nurse. At the design expo, Bartz, Shobe, Falcone, and Stabler connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1036
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Eckenrode is an optician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hillyard is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Delima is a plumber. Strand is a traffic warden. At the local talk, Hillyard, Strand, Delima, and Eckenrode started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1037
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Borowski is a labourer. Alewine is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wold is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Howland is a hairdresser. At the new year party, Howland, Alewine, Borowski, and Wold met. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1038
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Stockard is a chef. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Fitzgibbon is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Rademacher is an accountant. Brodersen is a carpenter. At the market, Stockard, Brodersen, Rademacher, and Fitzgibbon ran into each other. The market is getting a lot of positive news. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1039
Appling is a traffic warden. Hermann is a model. Doolan is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Godbey is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the charity car wash, Godbey, Hermann, Doolan, and Appling ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1040
Stoker is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Jumper is a newsreader. Plum is an accountant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Spicer is a bus driver. At the wedding, Jumper, Stoker, Spicer, and Plum ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1041
Feldt is a bus driver. Larkins is a teacher. Dealba is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Massingill is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Feldt, Dealba, Massingill, and Larkins met at the power yoga class. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1042
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Spade is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Taing is a hairdresser. Gillen is a factory worker. Marron is a lecturer. Taing, Marron, Gillen, and Spade met at the beer making classes. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1043
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Zellers is a labourer. Castleberry is a bus driver. Pinter is a teacher. Vanwormer is a mechanic. Pinter, Vanwormer, Castleberry, and Zellers met at the charity car wash. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1044
Minnick is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Tauber is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Swihart is a traffic warden. Hammonds is a carpenter. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Minnick, Tauber, Hammonds, and Swihart met at the dog park. There are also some wonderful flowers. They are amazing. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1045
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Elms is an electrician. Lasko is an optician. Milian is a plumber. Beardsley is a carpenter. At the wedding, Elms, Lasko, Milian, and Beardsley connected. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1046
Strother is a nurse. Bussard is a traffic warden. Karras is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Flanders is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the open mic night, Karras, Flanders, Bussard, and Strother connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1047
Wainscott is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Glancy is an electrician. Longino is an accountant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Meagher is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the music festival, Longino, Wainscott, Meagher, and Glancy started a conversation. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1048
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Rall is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Galati is a labourer. Odowd is a carpenter. Dark is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Odowd, Rall, Dark, and Galati met at the alumni event. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1049
Vicknair is a traffic warden. Mcadoo is a mechanic. Hartmann is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Laxton is a bus driver. At the high intensity class, Hartmann, Mcadoo, Laxton, and Vicknair ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1050
Buckwalter is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Theriault is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Clinger is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mines is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the market, Mines, Buckwalter, Theriault, and Clinger ran into each other. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1051
Finnell is a teacher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cogswell is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Krug is a hairdresser. Witek is a chef. At the music festival, Krug, Witek, Finnell, and Cogswell met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1052
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pickell is a lifeguard. Arana is an optician. Whitlatch is a newsreader. Fowlkes is a hairdresser. Pickell, Arana, Fowlkes, and Whitlatch met at the subway. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. Ze told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1053
Corzine is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kneeland is an electrician. Klinger is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Castanon is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Kneeland, Castanon, Klinger, and Corzine met at the crossfit class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1054
Pruneda is a factory worker. Mckeithan is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Okeeffe is a plumber. Saine is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the new year party, Mckeithan, Pruneda, Okeeffe, and Saine started a conversation. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1055
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Potts is a chef. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Galang is a traffic warden. Makin is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Domingues is an electrician. At the french class, Makin, Domingues, Galang, and Potts connected. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1056
Koh is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hine is a carpenter. Kistler is an accountant. Matsuda is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the commuter bus, Matsuda, Hine, Koh, and Kistler ran into each other. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1057
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mcgahey is a nurse. Taliaferro is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcmillian is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Maday is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the market, Mcgahey, Maday, Mcmillian, and Taliaferro started a conversation. Markets exhibit antiques, collectors' items or anything else of value and interest. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1058
Swearingen is a mechanic. Millington is a chef. Tober is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bono is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the music and art festival, Swearingen, Bono, Tober, and Millington ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1059
Preciado is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Landgraf is an electrician. Lagrone is a traffic warden. Mitcham is a dentist. At the french class, Mitcham, Preciado, Landgraf, and Lagrone ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1060
Eye is a chef. Rakes is a model. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Sabo is a traffic warden. Olivas is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the beach, Rakes, Eye, Olivas, and Sabo met. For years, there was very little activity to this point in the sand of the beach, and now it's all but empty. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1061
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcgary is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Innis is a carpenter. Zamarron is a teacher. Behrends is an accountant. At the cooking class, Innis, Mcgary, Zamarron, and Behrends started a conversation. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1062
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Warfield is a bus driver. Bundy is an optician. Dupont is a hairdresser. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Milliner is a chef. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the yoga class, Warfield, Dupont, Bundy, and Milliner started a conversation. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1063
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Duplantis is a labourer. Caulder is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bonelli is an accountant. Aguillon is a carpenter. At the local talk, Caulder, Bonelli, Duplantis, and Aguillon met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1064
Go is a plumber. Liptak is a traffic warden. Jellison is a teacher. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Kurland is a model. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the beach, Jellison, Kurland, Go, and Liptak ran into each other. The beach is much cleaner than the most popular beach of the city. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1065
Knott is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Caraway is a teacher. Corlew is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Barile is a factory worker. At the alumni event, Corlew, Barile, Caraway, and Knott ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1066
Peet is a bus driver. Magers is a dentist. Mccausland is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Chuang is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Magers, Mccausland, Peet, and Chuang met at the new year party. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1067
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mebane is a teacher. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Tamez is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wagar is a bus driver. Petit is an accountant. Petit, Wagar, Tamez, and Mebane met at the fundraiser. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1068
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hearne is a newsreader. Kinyon is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Yerger is a lifeguard. Blanco is a mechanic. At the charity car wash, Kinyon, Hearne, Yerger, and Blanco met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1069
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Ptak is an accountant. Polen is a dentist. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Stump is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Prunty is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the music and art festival, Stump, Ptak, Prunty, and Polen ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1070
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Nee is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Gimenez is a dentist. Kurth is a hairdresser. Sepeda is a chef. At the design expo, Gimenez, Kurth, Sepeda, and Nee connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1071
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Medford is a model. Samuels is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Horner is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Garcia is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the open mic night, Medford, Samuels, Garcia, and Horner connected. The event is free and open to all people. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1072
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Salinas is a lifeguard. Nance is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rubalcaba is a labourer. Wickersham is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Nance, Salinas, Rubalcaba, and Wickersham met. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1073
Vester is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Cawley is a hairdresser. Eves is a nurse. Dibble is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the hotel, Dibble, Vester, Cawley, and Eves met. The beer is excellent. Ey told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1074
Partridge is a newsreader. Kolodziej is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Brickey is a mechanic. Fenderson is an optician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Brickey, Kolodziej, Fenderson, and Partridge met at the music festival. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1075
Ontiveros is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Azevedo is a model. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Brammer is a newsreader. Bankhead is a stocking associate. At the charity run, Brammer, Azevedo, Bankhead, and Ontiveros started a conversation. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1076
Niehaus is an optician. Moreland is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Purdy is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Gaw is a labourer. At the gallery opening event, Moreland, Purdy, Niehaus, and Gaw ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1077
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Neuberger is an electrician. Kolb is a traffic warden. Portnoy is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Fetty is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the alumni event, Portnoy, Fetty, Kolb, and Neuberger started a conversation. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1078
Studebaker is a mechanic. Lockard is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mckey is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Najjar is a model. Lockard, Studebaker, Najjar, and Mckey met at the yoga class. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1079
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Jellison is a stocking associate. Scheuer is an optician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Estrada is a mechanic. Ashcroft is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the rock climbing gym, Scheuer, Jellison, Estrada, and Ashcroft met. The gym is located in Yap in Taipei, China and is the world's biggest gymnasium of its kind. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1080
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Steves is an optician. Hollifield is a mechanic. Mccardle is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kuchta is a hairdresser. At the charity run, Hollifield, Kuchta, Mccardle, and Steves started a conversation. The weather is nice for games today. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1081
Mcginness is a nurse. Bourke is a lecturer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Holleran is a traffic warden. Leanos is an optician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the power yoga class, Mcginness, Holleran, Bourke, and Leanos connected. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1082
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Constable is a plumber. Goulding is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mejia is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Brackins is a lifeguard. Mejia, Goulding, Brackins, and Constable met at the charity car wash. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1083
Chaudhry is a chef. Koons is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Alejos is a labourer. Molden is a bus driver. At the wedding, Chaudhry, Molden, Koons, and Alejos ran into each other. It is open to the public. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1084
Sutphin is a dentist. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Desir is a nurse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Montalbano is a factory worker. Marbury is a newsreader. At the fundraiser, Marbury, Sutphin, Desir, and Montalbano started a conversation. This event is to help make the community a better place. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1085
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Clore is a bus driver. Rackley is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Clutter is an electrician. Sherlock is a lecturer. At the volunteer work, Clutter, Clore, Sherlock, and Rackley connected. Volunteering options will give a chance to relax and enjoy. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1086
Lamas is a factory worker. Densmore is a carpenter. Stoltz is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Comerford is a plumber. At the social community gathering, Lamas, Stoltz, Densmore, and Comerford started a conversation. The community is at a crossroads here. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1087
Witter is a plumber. Melson is a model. Halladay is a teacher. Turnipseed is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Melson, Halladay, Turnipseed, and Witter met at the volunteer work. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1088
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kolakowski is a nurse. Stamps is a dentist. Nevels is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Sabala is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the open mic night, Sabala, Kolakowski, Stamps, and Nevels ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1089
Amburgey is a model. Levey is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Nolasco is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Beegle is a labourer. At the alumni event, Amburgey, Beegle, Levey, and Nolasco started a conversation. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1090
Gaitan is a newsreader. Stetler is a nurse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Scarborough is a dentist. Zornes is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the social community gathering, Gaitan, Zornes, Scarborough, and Stetler met. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1091
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Foye is a lecturer. Dupont is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Vale is a model. Devore is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the rideshare, Devore, Dupont, Foye, and Vale ran into each other. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1092
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Dinatale is a chef. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcalexander is a factory worker. Berner is a newsreader. Sonnier is a carpenter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the commuter bus, Sonnier, Dinatale, Berner, and Mcalexander ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1093
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Partridge is a lifeguard. Rikard is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Chong is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Fung is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the commuter bus, Partridge, Chong, Fung, and Rikard started a conversation. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1094
Kuang is a hairdresser. Blaha is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hoisington is a factory worker. Sonnier is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the sports bar, Blaha, Kuang, Hoisington, and Sonnier started a conversation. It is a cool place to hang out. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1095
Calabro is an accountant. Sides is a model. Oberg is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Olivares is a nurse. At the volunteer work, Calabro, Sides, Olivares, and Oberg ran into each other. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1096
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gelfand is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ruggieri is a mechanic. Desir is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Coca is a chef. At the volunteer work, Coca, Desir, Gelfand, and Ruggieri connected. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1097
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bratcher is a model. Woodhouse is a plumber. Kepley is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Jaynes is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the charity car wash, Jaynes, Kepley, Bratcher, and Woodhouse connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1098
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Knoop is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lamberson is a model. Garofalo is a carpenter. Armendariz is a lecturer. At the yoga class, Armendariz, Garofalo, Knoop, and Lamberson met. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1099
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Swingle is a newsreader. Petro is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Tang is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Rosso is a mechanic. At the social community gathering, Rosso, Petro, Tang, and Swingle connected. The community is at a crossroads here. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1100
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Casto is a chef. Conwell is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Shinkle is an accountant. Fults is a dentist. At the subway, Casto, Conwell, Shinkle, and Fults met. The public transports are public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1101
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Huskins is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Greenwalt is a traffic warden. Core is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Hewes is an accountant. At the rideshare, Hewes, Huskins, Core, and Greenwalt started a conversation. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1102
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Armas is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kauffman is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rockett is a traffic warden. Kelsch is a chef. At the wedding, Rockett, Armas, Kelsch, and Kauffman met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1103
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Erdmann is a lecturer. Shick is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Retana is a teacher. Monaghan is a factory worker. At the beer making classes, Shick, Erdmann, Retana, and Monaghan connected. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1104
Bussard is a plumber. Orsini is an optician. Chong is a carpenter. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Outten is a mechanic. Bussard, Outten, Chong, and Orsini met at the hotel. The beer is excellent. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1105
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Batres is a nurse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Dowdle is a lecturer. Evenson is a lifeguard. Kebede is an electrician. At the music and art festival, Dowdle, Kebede, Evenson, and Batres started a conversation. It is open to the public. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1106
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Sturges is a teacher. Schuller is an accountant. Tolley is a mechanic. Urquhart is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the charity car wash, Urquhart, Sturges, Schuller, and Tolley met. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1107
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Krull is a carpenter. Tolman is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Heideman is a model. Mossman is a hairdresser. At the beach, Tolman, Mossman, Krull, and Heideman started a conversation. The ocean is filled with these massive, swirling seas in the ocean bed just before the end of the solar eclipse and is composed mainly of the white carbon oceans. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1108
Hardman is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Budd is an accountant. Beegle is an electrician. Fout is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Budd, Beegle, Fout, and Hardman met at the french class. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1109
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Suero is a labourer. Hennis is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Sand is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Morton is a plumber. At the alumni event, Suero, Sand, Morton, and Hennis met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1110
Pompa is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Earwood is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ricker is an optician. Sklar is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the rideshare, Sklar, Ricker, Earwood, and Pompa met. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1111
Schuett is an optician. Mehl is a carpenter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lough is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Niehaus is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the subway, Niehaus, Schuett, Mehl, and Lough started a conversation. The public transports are public. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1112
Gingrich is a carpenter. Slavens is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Keough is a chef. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Picazo is an accountant. At the beer making classes, Keough, Picazo, Gingrich, and Slavens started a conversation. Classes provide fun and challenge. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1113
Hultgren is an accountant. Vanderhoff is a teacher. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Reale is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Eells is a lifeguard. At the concert, Reale, Eells, Hultgren, and Vanderhoff met. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1114
Finnie is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Scherrer is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dulay is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Berglund is a labourer. At the charity run, Scherrer, Finnie, Berglund, and Dulay started a conversation. The city is a great place to find something to do. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1115
Pattillo is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Seamans is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Linderman is a teacher. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Greenidge is a model. At the design expo, Greenidge, Seamans, Pattillo, and Linderman met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1116
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sklar is a mechanic. Nix is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bracero is a stocking associate. Durr is a lecturer. At the gallery opening event, Durr, Sklar, Bracero, and Nix connected. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1117
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Trawick is a factory worker. Olivieri is a labourer. Whitmore is a nurse. Simmons is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the bar, Trawick, Olivieri, Simmons, and Whitmore met. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1118
Dahl is a newsreader. Hodnett is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Alpert is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Strayer is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the beach, Hodnett, Alpert, Dahl, and Strayer ran into each other. The beach is very quiet. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1119
Carollo is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Greaney is a hairdresser. Bilyeu is a newsreader. Obryant is a teacher. Greaney, Obryant, Carollo, and Bilyeu met at the food festival. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1120
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ingraham is a lecturer. Hambleton is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Spruill is a mechanic. Garbarino is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the library, Ingraham, Spruill, Hambleton, and Garbarino met. In the book - club, one can choose to spend time with friends who want books. They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1121
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Broadway is a lecturer. Gravelle is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Sisto is a plumber. Foutz is a teacher. At the beer making classes, Foutz, Broadway, Sisto, and Gravelle started a conversation. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1122
Risch is a lecturer. Puente is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Obregon is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Corriveau is an electrician. Obregon, Corriveau, Puente, and Risch met at the fundraiser. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1123
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Konieczny is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Alvear is a teacher. Romines is a stocking associate. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hinshaw is a newsreader. Alvear, Romines, Hinshaw, and Konieczny met at the subway. Public transports are affordable. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1124
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Jung is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Folger is a model. Mccombs is a dentist. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Gillis is an electrician. At the bar, Gillis, Mccombs, Folger, and Jung started a conversation. The atmosphere was nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1125
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Soni is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Kelleher is a newsreader. Eakin is a factory worker. Wirick is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the sports bar, Eakin, Soni, Kelleher, and Wirick started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1126
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Peery is an optician. Duplessis is a dentist. Willner is a newsreader. Scurry is a teacher. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the music and art festival, Willner, Peery, Scurry, and Duplessis connected. The event is still underway. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1127
Lafountain is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Manriquez is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mowrey is a hairdresser. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Spruill is a teacher. At the social community gathering, Spruill, Lafountain, Manriquez, and Mowrey met. The community is at a crossroads here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1128
Hughley is an optician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Younkin is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lundy is a lifeguard. Gadson is a newsreader. At the trivia night, Hughley, Lundy, Gadson, and Younkin started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1129
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hardman is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Ruiz is an electrician. Luebke is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Horstmann is a hairdresser. At the high intensity class, Luebke, Horstmann, Hardman, and Ruiz met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1130
Flournoy is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Alamilla is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Baptist is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Byard is a mechanic. At the concert, Baptist, Flournoy, Alamilla, and Byard met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1131
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Triolo is a carpenter. Trinh is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Cuello is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Castano is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the market, Trinh, Cuello, Castano, and Triolo connected. The market is a big source of income for many people. Ey told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1132
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Treacy is a stocking associate. Hampson is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Naik is an accountant. Loya is a mechanic. At the beer making classes, Naik, Loya, Treacy, and Hampson connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1133
Sattler is a chef. Pearcy is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Serrato is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Maciejewski is a teacher. At the concert, Maciejewski, Pearcy, Sattler, and Serrato met. This event is to help make the community a better place. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1134
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Carraway is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Faber is a carpenter. Fosdick is a newsreader. Thakkar is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Thakkar, Carraway, Faber, and Fosdick met at the charity car wash. This event is to help make the community a better place. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1135
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Rosero is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gendreau is a plumber. Goheen is a hairdresser. Cammarata is a teacher. Gendreau, Goheen, Cammarata, and Rosero met at the beer making classes. Each session teaches a different theme. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1136
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Brodersen is an electrician. Brashear is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Badgett is a dentist. Pals is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the design expo, Pals, Badgett, Brodersen, and Brashear started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1137
Shingleton is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gillingham is a bus driver. Carr is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Dsouza is an accountant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the beach, Dsouza, Gillingham, Shingleton, and Carr started a conversation. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1138
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ramseur is a labourer. Helfer is a newsreader. Mccullers is a hairdresser. Wyss is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the gallery opening event, Mccullers, Wyss, Ramseur, and Helfer met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1139
Dore is a model. Hopwood is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pegram is a hairdresser. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Scholten is a plumber. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the new year party, Pegram, Dore, Hopwood, and Scholten connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1140
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Hamman is a labourer. Vankirk is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Halliburton is an accountant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mowrey is a teacher. Hamman, Halliburton, Mowrey, and Vankirk met at the music and art festival. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1141
Linde is a stocking associate. Ackman is a dentist. Evenson is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Laprade is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the high intensity class, Evenson, Linde, Laprade, and Ackman met. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1142
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Renninger is a mechanic. Fishback is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Saxena is a nurse. Betz is a carpenter. At the beer making classes, Saxena, Renninger, Fishback, and Betz ran into each other. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! Ey told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1143
Luttrell is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Summerlin is a traffic warden. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Adelman is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Headley is a factory worker. At the food festival, Luttrell, Adelman, Summerlin, and Headley met. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1144
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Weekly is a traffic warden. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Schiavone is a model. Worrall is a labourer. Heslop is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schiavone, Heslop, Worrall, and Weekly met at the open mic night. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1145
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Herrick is a lecturer. Moldenhauer is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Uhler is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Simmons is a plumber. At the music festival, Moldenhauer, Herrick, Simmons, and Uhler ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1146
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Cotter is an accountant. Barnwell is a dentist. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Galindez is a nurse. Oates is an optician. At the public park, Oates, Cotter, Barnwell, and Galindez connected. In the middle of things, the park has a fountain. They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1147
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fryar is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Widner is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Sellman is a lifeguard. Winn is a hairdresser. At the design expo, Sellman, Fryar, Widner, and Winn connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1148
Sherer is a nurse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Vale is a model. Fulbright is an accountant. Lupo is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the dog park, Fulbright, Lupo, Sherer, and Vale ran into each other. The birds are wild and hungry! She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1149
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Lipsey is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Wolter is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Parra is an optician. Nyquist is a lecturer. At the design expo, Nyquist, Parra, Lipsey, and Wolter ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1150
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Preiss is a factory worker. Scroggins is a model. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pedrosa is a hairdresser. Poulter is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the local talk, Scroggins, Poulter, Pedrosa, and Preiss ran into each other. It is open to the public. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1151
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Westberg is a nurse. Holz is a plumber. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sroka is a teacher. Saffold is a lecturer. At the food festival, Saffold, Westberg, Sroka, and Holz met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1152
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Buker is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Fick is an accountant. Canseco is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Whitlock is a teacher. At the new year party, Whitlock, Canseco, Buker, and Fick ran into each other. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. They reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1153
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Loomis is a nurse. Zaremba is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Huerta is a stocking associate. Hollingsworth is a labourer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hollingsworth, Loomis, Zaremba, and Huerta met at the hotel. The drinks are served on time. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1154
Moncada is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Swarthout is an electrician. Leiby is a traffic warden. Dunkley is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the music and art festival, Moncada, Dunkley, Swarthout, and Leiby ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1155
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Altieri is an accountant. Cayton is a newsreader. Ranson is a nurse. Crittendon is a hairdresser. At the new year party, Crittendon, Cayton, Ranson, and Altieri ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1156
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Jewett is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Brutus is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Dandrea is a bus driver. Portilla is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Brutus, Portilla, Jewett, and Dandrea met at the sports bar. It is a cool place to hang out. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1157
Hewes is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Murph is a chef. Palm is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Cater is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the charity car wash, Palm, Cater, Murph, and Hewes met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1158
Riggan is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Crumley is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Soltys is a newsreader. Shaughnessy is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Crumley, Soltys, Riggan, and Shaughnessy met at the beach. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1159
Heras is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Swiatek is an accountant. Eells is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Overstreet is a nurse. Overstreet, Eells, Swiatek, and Heras met at the beer making classes. The classes usually begin before work. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1160
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Beaudoin is a carpenter. Lax is a lifeguard. Borek is a factory worker. Prewett is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the yoga class, Lax, Prewett, Beaudoin, and Borek started a conversation. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1161
Pigeon is a hairdresser. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Vanwormer is an electrician. Awad is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Digiorgio is a factory worker. At the design expo, Vanwormer, Awad, Pigeon, and Digiorgio started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1162
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Santoro is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Palm is a bus driver. Hanks is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Askew is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Palm, Santoro, Askew, and Hanks met at the ski resort party. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1163
Mcalpine is a bus driver. Bae is a plumber. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Berardi is a hairdresser. Samsel is a labourer. At the sports bar, Mcalpine, Samsel, Bae, and Berardi met. The beer is excellent. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1164
Delatorre is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Blakeney is a dentist. Radcliff is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lehmann is a teacher. At the rock climbing gym, Blakeney, Delatorre, Radcliff, and Lehmann ran into each other. The idea of a one - minute plank can be daunting for many people here! He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1165
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Fung is a lifeguard. Pecora is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Galyean is a chef. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Chauvin is a stocking associate. At the sports bar, Galyean, Fung, Chauvin, and Pecora started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1166
Minner is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Carnley is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Makela is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Nissley is a carpenter. At the commuter bus, Nissley, Minner, Carnley, and Makela ran into each other. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1167
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Burch is a teacher. Kogut is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Gillespie is a lecturer. Deemer is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the sports bar, Deemer, Kogut, Burch, and Gillespie started a conversation. The food here is very tasty. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1168
Schmidt is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mccleskey is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Healey is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Persson is a bus driver. At the high intensity class, Mccleskey, Healey, Schmidt, and Persson met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1169
Mines is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Vankirk is a newsreader. Chauhan is an optician. Wolford is a hairdresser. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Vankirk, Chauhan, Mines, and Wolford met at the trivia night. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1170
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ratcliffe is an electrician. Teed is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pearcy is a labourer. Whitefield is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the power yoga class, Ratcliffe, Whitefield, Pearcy, and Teed started a conversation. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1171
Costley is a dentist. Crocker is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Skowronski is a plumber. Fishburn is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the trivia night, Crocker, Skowronski, Fishburn, and Costley met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1172
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcadams is a bus driver. Earp is a dentist. Stripling is a hairdresser. Blackford is a labourer. At the subway, Stripling, Mcadams, Earp, and Blackford ran into each other. The article for this transport was amended on August 18, 2017. A previous version said that the public transport was free. Ze reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1173
Hau is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wroblewski is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Patil is a mechanic. Parrino is a labourer. At the french class, Parrino, Wroblewski, Hau, and Patil started a conversation. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1174
Delatorre is a carpenter. Gaughan is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Castanon is a teacher. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Taing is a model. Castanon, Delatorre, Gaughan, and Taing met at the high intensity class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1175
Sabado is a bus driver. Batson is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Cowell is a carpenter. Stromberg is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the beach, Batson, Stromberg, Cowell, and Sabado started a conversation. There is another side of the ocean, in the form of a beach known as a' Pill Road'. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1176
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Cotner is a hairdresser. Doyal is a carpenter. Maust is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Andes is a bus driver. At the public park, Cotner, Andes, Maust, and Doyal met. The park is very green and refreshing. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1177
Klose is a labourer. Moyer is an accountant. Little is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hine is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Klose, Hine, Little, and Moyer met at the crossfit class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1178
Stratford is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Blades is a newsreader. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Storer is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Brutus is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the sports bar, Blades, Stratford, Brutus, and Storer started a conversation. The other beverages served here are ok. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1179
Schutte is an electrician. Saling is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dorsch is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Villalpando is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the volunteer work, Villalpando, Dorsch, Saling, and Schutte connected. With the time and resources available to volunteers, it may be easier to get started right away! They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1180
Dewees is a hairdresser. Thielen is a plumber. Mohn is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wolfer is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the gallery opening event, Mohn, Wolfer, Dewees, and Thielen started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1181
Rector is a labourer. Putz is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Treadaway is an accountant. Delaune is a lifeguard. At the commuter bus, Treadaway, Rector, Putz, and Delaune connected. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1182
Lau is a lifeguard. Predmore is a stocking associate. Sours is an accountant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Chirino is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lau, Sours, Predmore, and Chirino met at the new year party. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1183
Hewlett is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tune is a dentist. Pals is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Partridge is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the concert, Partridge, Pals, Tune, and Hewlett ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1184
Newkirk is a dentist. Hemby is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Vansant is a labourer. Clavijo is a stocking associate. At the rideshare, Hemby, Vansant, Clavijo, and Newkirk connected. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1185
Josephs is a lecturer. Ensign is a nurse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Harbert is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Belman is a mechanic. At the alumni event, Ensign, Belman, Josephs, and Harbert met. A large number of people attend these events. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1186
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Rhymes is a plumber. Parmley is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bias is a model. Rascon is a nurse. Parmley, Rhymes, Bias, and Rascon met at the alumni event. A large number of people attend these events. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1187
Colindres is a teacher. Appling is an accountant. Hearon is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sanabria is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Colindres, Sanabria, Appling, and Hearon met at the fundraiser. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1188
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Wold is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Grice is a lifeguard. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Brackins is a model. Merck is a teacher. At the gallery opening event, Merck, Wold, Brackins, and Grice connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1189
Horn is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Fly is an electrician. Shoulders is a teacher. Comerford is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the food festival, Shoulders, Comerford, Horn, and Fly met. The event is still underway. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1190
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Delafuente is a chef. Stalker is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Gaw is a stocking associate. Locklear is a dentist. At the ski resort party, Delafuente, Gaw, Stalker, and Locklear met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1191
Skipper is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gardener is an optician. Koons is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Cola is an accountant. At the wedding, Gardener, Skipper, Cola, and Koons started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ey reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1192
Magallanes is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Wynkoop is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Dimeo is a hairdresser. Vanderhoff is a bus driver. At the hotel, Wynkoop, Dimeo, Magallanes, and Vanderhoff met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1193
Sova is a mechanic. Mcneil is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Eshleman is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Acharya is a lecturer. At the new year party, Acharya, Mcneil, Eshleman, and Sova connected. The party is also filled by the band. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1194
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rampersad is a plumber. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Benefiel is a carpenter. Tousignant is a lecturer. Darland is an accountant. At the charity run, Tousignant, Darland, Benefiel, and Rampersad ran into each other. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1195
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Waldrip is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Quirarte is a carpenter. Cancel is a chef. Biggins is a dentist. At the charity run, Waldrip, Biggins, Cancel, and Quirarte started a conversation. The games are a lot of fun. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1196
Moorer is a model. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Tooker is a stocking associate. Gehring is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Stubbs is a bus driver. At the social community gathering, Gehring, Tooker, Stubbs, and Moorer connected. It is important to work together. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1197
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hume is a dentist. Rackley is a factory worker. Hagans is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Budde is a traffic warden. Hume, Rackley, Hagans, and Budde met at the dog park. The park is very green and refreshing. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1198
Toms is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kittle is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Olivera is a traffic warden. Niswonger is a labourer. At the yoga class, Niswonger, Toms, Olivera, and Kittle connected. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. They told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1199
Woolery is a chef. Toms is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mcgehee is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hambleton is an optician. Hambleton, Toms, Woolery, and Mcgehee met at the beer making classes. The class is extremely motivating. Ey reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1200
Freed is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Yearwood is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Broom is a hairdresser. Sorto is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Yearwood, Freed, Broom, and Sorto met at the open mic night. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1201
Minder is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Riedel is a model. Lew is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mireles is an accountant. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mireles, Lew, Minder, and Riedel met at the hotel. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1202
Naples is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Manna is a factory worker. Dines is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Furst is a bus driver. At the beer making classes, Furst, Naples, Manna, and Dines started a conversation. This class has amazing outcomes. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1203
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Downer is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Schiffman is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Tressler is a dentist. Gabler is a factory worker. At the food festival, Tressler, Gabler, Downer, and Schiffman connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1204
Grell is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Burgin is a stocking associate. Mcqueary is an accountant. Ankney is a carpenter. At the high intensity class, Burgin, Mcqueary, Ankney, and Grell met. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1205
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Sandidge is a chef. Gumm is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Vallone is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kluck is an accountant. At the music and art festival, Gumm, Kluck, Vallone, and Sandidge ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1206
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Alvey is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Housley is an optician. Rascon is a dentist. Woolery is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Alvey, Housley, Woolery, and Rascon met at the cooking class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1207
Wimberley is a dentist. Odonoghue is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hoggard is a bus driver. Neto is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the design expo, Wimberley, Neto, Hoggard, and Odonoghue met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1208
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Knebel is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Thigpen is a nurse. Miano is an optician. Guinn is a newsreader. Knebel, Guinn, Thigpen, and Miano met at the crossfit class. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1209
Waymire is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Lechuga is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Hollar is a lifeguard. Bruening is a newsreader. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the concert, Hollar, Waymire, Lechuga, and Bruening met. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1210
Moscato is a stocking associate. Lacross is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Poage is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Holbrooks is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the beer making classes, Lacross, Moscato, Holbrooks, and Poage ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1211
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fontaine is a chef. Shubert is a plumber. Miedema is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wickman is a stocking associate. At the fundraiser, Shubert, Miedema, Fontaine, and Wickman started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1212
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kurth is a lifeguard. Trosper is a stocking associate. Lipsey is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Welliver is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the yoga class, Trosper, Lipsey, Kurth, and Welliver started a conversation. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1213
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Whisman is a chef. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bailon is a labourer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Provost is a dentist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Burney is an electrician. At the fundraiser, Provost, Whisman, Bailon, and Burney connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1214
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Schank is a bus driver. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Jewett is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Lambeth is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Jeancharles is a lifeguard. Jeancharles, Lambeth, Schank, and Jewett met at the power yoga class. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1215
Fairweather is a mechanic. Witter is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Sides is a newsreader. Hoff is a model. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the music festival, Sides, Fairweather, Hoff, and Witter connected. The event is free and open to all people. They reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1216
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Meikle is an optician. Galindez is an electrician. Kneeland is a labourer. Ciampa is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Kneeland, Galindez, Ciampa, and Meikle met at the ski resort party. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1217
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Maharaj is an accountant. Doolan is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Fettig is a traffic warden. Do is a teacher. At the new year party, Doolan, Maharaj, Fettig, and Do connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". They reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1218
Schoenberg is a mechanic. Mandel is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Wilmes is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Barden is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the hotel, Wilmes, Barden, Schoenberg, and Mandel met. The other beverages served here are ok. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1219
Gaiser is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Howland is a chef. Wanner is a bus driver. Hullinger is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the local talk, Wanner, Howland, Hullinger, and Gaiser connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1220
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Amburgey is a labourer. Adkinson is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Cockrum is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Golding is a chef. At the ski resort party, Amburgey, Cockrum, Adkinson, and Golding met. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1221
Dressler is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bilyeu is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Stump is a carpenter. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Trott is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the design expo, Trott, Bilyeu, Dressler, and Stump connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1222
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hackworth is a plumber. Geer is a labourer. Crownover is an optician. Behan is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the subway, Geer, Crownover, Hackworth, and Behan connected. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1223
Savoy is a model. Huss is a dentist. Coomer is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Umanzor is an accountant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the commuter bus, Huss, Umanzor, Savoy, and Coomer met. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1224
Arceo is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Erving is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Langworthy is a stocking associate. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Legendre is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the beer making classes, Legendre, Erving, Arceo, and Langworthy connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1225
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Smythe is an optician. Hurlburt is a hairdresser. Eisenman is a labourer. Wooten is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the french class, Wooten, Smythe, Hurlburt, and Eisenman ran into each other. The class is fun! She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1226
Sharkey is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Faulkenberry is a stocking associate. Fonseca is a newsreader. Murguia is a hairdresser. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the music festival, Sharkey, Fonseca, Murguia, and Faulkenberry connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1227
Smothers is a bus driver. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Roloff is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hepworth is a newsreader. Milford is a plumber. Milford, Hepworth, Roloff, and Smothers met at the volunteer work. There are many jobs that involve good volunteering service. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1228
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Paredes is an optician. Fairweather is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gumbs is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bolden is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the beach, Bolden, Paredes, Gumbs, and Fairweather met. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. They told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1229
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Dorton is an electrician. Ng is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Labarre is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Younts is a factory worker. At the charity run, Labarre, Younts, Dorton, and Ng ran into each other. The games are a lot of fun. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1230
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Liberto is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ferreyra is a hairdresser. Smail is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Epps is a lifeguard. At the music festival, Ferreyra, Epps, Smail, and Liberto ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1231
Decesare is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cammarata is a newsreader. Fears is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Dinatale is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the french class, Fears, Cammarata, Decesare, and Dinatale ran into each other. Each session teaches a different theme. Ey reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1232
Leadbetter is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Aceves is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Warnick is a stocking associate. Venters is a newsreader. At the charity run, Aceves, Leadbetter, Warnick, and Venters started a conversation. Sports are great but they have been overshadowed by other games. Ey reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1233
Oney is a carpenter. Murchison is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mengel is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Persinger is a model. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mengel, Murchison, Persinger, and Oney met at the social community gathering. The community is at a crossroads here. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1234
Rothwell is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Groh is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cobble is a hairdresser. Trudel is an electrician. At the rock climbing gym, Groh, Cobble, Trudel, and Rothwell ran into each other. The gym is designed to cater to the high end needs of the person. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1235
Crank is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Silguero is a newsreader. Helsel is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wimberly is a teacher. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the trivia night, Crank, Wimberly, Helsel, and Silguero started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1236
Kistler is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. States is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Clausen is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Foerster is a mechanic. At the gallery opening event, States, Foerster, Clausen, and Kistler ran into each other. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1237
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Costley is a lifeguard. Murdock is a chef. Bolduc is a bus driver. Ebanks is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the music festival, Murdock, Costley, Ebanks, and Bolduc met. A lot of people participate in these events! They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1238
Mensch is a nurse. Charpentier is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Popham is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rosenberry is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Popham, Charpentier, Mensch, and Rosenberry met at the design expo. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1239
Turnquist is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Teed is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lingerfelt is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Cascio is a stocking associate. At the trivia night, Lingerfelt, Teed, Turnquist, and Cascio ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1240
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Frisk is an accountant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Earles is an optician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Shuff is a newsreader. Neves is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the subway, Neves, Frisk, Shuff, and Earles ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1241
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Shimko is a labourer. Dam is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Banister is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cordon is a plumber. At the french class, Dam, Banister, Cordon, and Shimko met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1242
Chao is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Waites is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Salinas is a plumber. Lederer is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the local talk, Chao, Waites, Salinas, and Lederer connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1243
Esslinger is a newsreader. Haydel is a lecturer. Delacruz is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Beliveau is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Delacruz, Esslinger, Haydel, and Beliveau met at the rock climbing gym. The gym is open until 10:00 pm. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1244
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Shepardson is a lecturer. Cover is a bus driver. Kuang is a model. Lengacher is an optician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the ski resort party, Cover, Kuang, Shepardson, and Lengacher ran into each other. The party is also filled by the band. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1245
Leonardi is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wainscott is a traffic warden. Keim is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mcgann is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the commuter bus, Leonardi, Keim, Wainscott, and Mcgann met. People have different schedules. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1246
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hole is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Nevels is a traffic warden. Pilkington is an optician. Tucci is a hairdresser. Nevels, Pilkington, Tucci, and Hole met at the beer making classes. Each session teaches a different theme. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1247
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vanhouten is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Alaimo is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Piner is a factory worker. Nivens is a stocking associate. At the public park, Piner, Vanhouten, Nivens, and Alaimo connected. All the flowers in the park are so nice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1248
Buscemi is a hairdresser. Eckles is an optician. Holding is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Vila is a nurse. At the social community gathering, Holding, Eckles, Buscemi, and Vila started a conversation. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1249
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Stoker is a newsreader. Losh is a traffic warden. Carruthers is a lecturer. Mcelligott is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the yoga class, Carruthers, Stoker, Losh, and Mcelligott met. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1250
Scholz is a hairdresser. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dore is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Pulsifer is a model. Diebold is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the power yoga class, Diebold, Scholz, Pulsifer, and Dore connected. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1251
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mckinstry is a chef. Beech is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Murrin is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vanslyke is a plumber. At the high intensity class, Vanslyke, Beech, Murrin, and Mckinstry connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1252
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Caufield is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Henriquez is a traffic warden. Dutcher is a bus driver. Huang is a nurse. At the beach, Caufield, Henriquez, Dutcher, and Huang met. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1253
Loucks is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lamarca is a lifeguard. Tallman is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Plath is a model. Loucks, Plath, Lamarca, and Tallman met at the french class. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1254
Pastor is a nurse. Mccurley is a dentist. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rutan is a model. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Engelhardt is a chef. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the public park, Rutan, Pastor, Engelhardt, and Mccurley ran into each other. The park has a running track. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1255
Coviello is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lenahan is a plumber. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Grimmett is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Borquez is a stocking associate. At the ski resort party, Grimmett, Lenahan, Coviello, and Borquez ran into each other. The party is sponsored by the Patriots. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1256
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sisto is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mccormack is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Panchal is a bus driver. Dewees is a newsreader. At the volunteer work, Dewees, Panchal, Sisto, and Mccormack ran into each other. We want to expand our community to make sure we will be able to offer the best in town service. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1257
Jessop is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gallman is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rascon is a newsreader. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Jackman is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Jessop, Gallman, Rascon, and Jackman met at the wedding. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1258
Alvord is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Vaillancourt is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Corman is a plumber. Brouwer is a factory worker. At the high intensity class, Alvord, Corman, Vaillancourt, and Brouwer started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1259
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Barkley is a teacher. Cronin is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Fountain is a mechanic. Ramseur is a carpenter. At the social community gathering, Cronin, Barkley, Fountain, and Ramseur ran into each other. We need the city's community to take action to support the efforts at its core to provide an equal space for both women and men, or we have to choose to ignore the experience of each one of us. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1260
Huneycutt is a dentist. Winders is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Westra is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kadlec is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the subway, Kadlec, Huneycutt, Westra, and Winders started a conversation. Public transports are easy to find. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1261
Wyse is a model. Gehring is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Crumley is a lecturer. Lago is a plumber. At the rideshare, Wyse, Lago, Gehring, and Crumley met. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1262
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Levario is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Dibble is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Tijerina is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Marchan is a dentist. At the trivia night, Levario, Dibble, Tijerina, and Marchan ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1263
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Quiles is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cronin is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Swearingen is a nurse. Whittier is a hairdresser. At the power yoga class, Whittier, Swearingen, Cronin, and Quiles started a conversation. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. Ze reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1264
Claus is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gibbs is a dentist. Kurz is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gunnels is a plumber. At the design expo, Kurz, Claus, Gibbs, and Gunnels ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1265
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Prieto is a chef. Vass is a dentist. Mowry is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Goggans is a teacher. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Vass, Prieto, Mowry, and Goggans met at the music festival. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1266
Evanoff is a newsreader. Fountain is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Clegg is a dentist. Escalante is an electrician. At the dog park, Fountain, Clegg, Escalante, and Evanoff started a conversation. There is a lot of green. It really does n't matter where one looks! He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1267
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Worthen is a traffic warden. Hammett is a lifeguard. Strawn is a model. Stogsdill is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the bar, Hammett, Worthen, Stogsdill, and Strawn connected. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1268
Mclaurin is a carpenter. Ham is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Eilers is a chef. Kind is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the french class, Eilers, Mclaurin, Ham, and Kind ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1269
Chauvin is an accountant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Becton is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Charlesworth is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gough is a traffic warden. At the concert, Becton, Charlesworth, Chauvin, and Gough connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1270
Misner is a plumber. Adkisson is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Slavens is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Kujawa is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the concert, Misner, Kujawa, Adkisson, and Slavens connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1271
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Dowdle is a carpenter. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Domenech is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Puerta is a model. Lach is a plumber. At the french class, Lach, Domenech, Dowdle, and Puerta met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1272
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Brickey is a carpenter. Gallup is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Burmeister is a bus driver. Portis is a chef. At the power yoga class, Burmeister, Brickey, Gallup, and Portis connected. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1273
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Catalano is a newsreader. Stonge is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dicarlo is a traffic warden. Awad is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the new year party, Catalano, Awad, Stonge, and Dicarlo connected. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1274
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Dendy is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Ng is a traffic warden. Gowan is a teacher. Rosenblum is a newsreader. Ng, Gowan, Rosenblum, and Dendy met at the hotel. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1275
Spruell is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mijares is a dentist. Groh is a factory worker. Prall is an accountant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the beach, Mijares, Spruell, Groh, and Prall met. The ocean is peaceful. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1276
Service is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Membreno is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Shaner is a teacher. Delcampo is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the new year party, Service, Shaner, Delcampo, and Membreno started a conversation. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1277
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Grandison is a stocking associate. Mcquiston is an accountant. Tedder is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Otwell is a traffic warden. At the sports bar, Tedder, Otwell, Mcquiston, and Grandison met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1278
Ruggeri is a stocking associate. Mayse is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Seidman is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Huot is a factory worker. At the food festival, Ruggeri, Seidman, Huot, and Mayse ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1279
Lafreniere is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Surratt is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Heinen is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Matis is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the bar, Surratt, Heinen, Matis, and Lafreniere met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1280
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Richey is a lifeguard. Woodrum is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Orner is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lizardi is a lecturer. At the wedding, Richey, Lizardi, Woodrum, and Orner ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1281
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Parise is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hoffman is a model. Mckellar is a plumber. Veasey is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the new year party, Parise, Veasey, Mckellar, and Hoffman connected. The party is free entry for everyone. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1282
Vallejos is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Villegas is a plumber. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Delvillar is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Froman is an optician. At the beer making classes, Delvillar, Villegas, Vallejos, and Froman connected. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1283
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Brandenburg is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Rohrer is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Keeney is a factory worker. Sandridge is an optician. Rohrer, Sandridge, Keeney, and Brandenburg met at the dog park. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1284
Bartolome is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Fosdick is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Carwile is a factory worker. Stoltenberg is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the power yoga class, Stoltenberg, Fosdick, Carwile, and Bartolome connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1285
Banegas is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Bayliss is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Plourde is a lifeguard. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Opp is a nurse. Banegas, Plourde, Bayliss, and Opp met at the concert. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1286
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Adelson is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcneill is a carpenter. Cowley is a plumber. Balch is a lifeguard. Cowley, Adelson, Balch, and Mcneill met at the sports bar. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1287
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fosdick is a factory worker. Hairston is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Rosser is a teacher. Beegle is a model. At the cooking class, Beegle, Rosser, Fosdick, and Hairston met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1288
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gravely is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Whitesides is a mechanic. Covert is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mahone is a chef. At the yoga class, Gravely, Mahone, Covert, and Whitesides connected. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1289
Trudel is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Fort is a traffic warden. Mickle is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Fountain is a model. At the commuter bus, Trudel, Fort, Mickle, and Fountain started a conversation. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1290
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Noren is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Blomquist is a factory worker. Arriola is an optician. Heiden is a mechanic. At the volunteer work, Arriola, Heiden, Noren, and Blomquist met. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. Ey told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1291
Alkire is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lacoste is a stocking associate. Lupo is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Khawaja is a chef. At the sports bar, Lupo, Khawaja, Alkire, and Lacoste connected. People ca n't be too disappointed at the spot for cheap coffee. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1292
Dulay is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Scherrer is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Duval is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Smithers is a plumber. At the market, Scherrer, Dulay, Smithers, and Duval connected. The market helps people pay bills and deliver goods. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1293
Watley is a model. Riemer is a nurse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mcneil is a labourer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Swinton is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the high intensity class, Swinton, Riemer, Watley, and Mcneil started a conversation. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1294
Charpentier is a model. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Pettitt is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Herrick is a carpenter. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Goff is a bus driver. At the power yoga class, Herrick, Pettitt, Charpentier, and Goff started a conversation. Yoga is best done in silence. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1295
Duplantis is a bus driver. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Utterback is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ung is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Cogdill is a newsreader. At the yoga class, Cogdill, Ung, Duplantis, and Utterback started a conversation. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1296
Greenidge is a traffic warden. Magoon is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Zimmer is an accountant. Poche is a teacher. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the social community gathering, Greenidge, Magoon, Zimmer, and Poche met. The place is very beautiful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1297
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Groner is an optician. Orourke is a lifeguard. Gendreau is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Spruill is a bus driver. At the gallery opening event, Orourke, Groner, Spruill, and Gendreau met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ze reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1298
Yearwood is a factory worker. Mauck is a nurse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Glazier is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Leeper is an optician. At the yoga class, Glazier, Leeper, Yearwood, and Mauck started a conversation. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1299
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Borrero is a plumber. Shive is a labourer. Faulkenberry is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Maciejewski is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the music and art festival, Borrero, Maciejewski, Faulkenberry, and Shive ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1300
Riffe is a stocking associate. Larimore is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Barrientes is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pariseau is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the ski resort party, Barrientes, Pariseau, Larimore, and Riffe ran into each other. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1301
Devitt is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Slavens is a nurse. Kinard is a model. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Rocca is a dentist. At the french class, Devitt, Kinard, Rocca, and Slavens met. The class has interesting sessions. They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1302
Hinds is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Gabbert is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Brust is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Fordyce is an optician. At the open mic night, Hinds, Gabbert, Fordyce, and Brust met. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1303
Chasteen is an optician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Benefiel is a chef. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Evanoff is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Wray is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the charity car wash, Benefiel, Evanoff, Wray, and Chasteen met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1304
Korn is an electrician. Fink is a traffic warden. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Testerman is a nurse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Laplant is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the social community gathering, Testerman, Korn, Fink, and Laplant met. The community is at a crossroads here. They reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1305
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Antley is a carpenter. Towne is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Schwing is a factory worker. Noffsinger is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Antley, Noffsinger, Schwing, and Towne met at the concert. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1306
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Hendley is a traffic warden. Vankirk is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Botts is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vanepps is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the music and art festival, Hendley, Botts, Vanepps, and Vankirk ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1307
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Brunswick is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Younts is a labourer. Piner is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cheever is a traffic warden. At the charity car wash, Brunswick, Cheever, Piner, and Younts ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1308
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mcewen is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Fogleman is a carpenter. Clayborne is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Daher is a lecturer. At the dog park, Mcewen, Daher, Fogleman, and Clayborne ran into each other. The park is super crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1309
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kitts is an accountant. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Recio is a lifeguard. Topping is a stocking associate. Brame is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the beach, Brame, Topping, Kitts, and Recio ran into each other. The beach is filled with people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1310
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Raber is a chef. Valdes is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Oppenheim is a lecturer. Whang is a bus driver. At the hotel, Raber, Oppenheim, Whang, and Valdes connected. One of the few spots for everyone. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1311
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gaitan is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Villarruel is a bus driver. Corlew is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Knowlton is an accountant. At the french class, Villarruel, Knowlton, Corlew, and Gaitan met. The class has interesting sessions. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1312
Bruni is a factory worker. Maza is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mullins is a carpenter. Veasey is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the food festival, Mullins, Veasey, Maza, and Bruni connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1313
Roig is a chef. Salaam is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mccleskey is a model. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hacker is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the alumni event, Mccleskey, Roig, Hacker, and Salaam met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1314
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Estrada is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hightower is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Warnock is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Updike is a labourer. At the library, Warnock, Hightower, Estrada, and Updike ran into each other. Book clubs help expand social circles. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1315
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mcquay is a lifeguard. Glasscock is a newsreader. Okelley is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mcmillen is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Okelley, Mcmillen, Glasscock, and Mcquay met at the social community gathering. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1316
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kelsch is a model. Fossum is a lifeguard. Vester is a nurse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Sidwell is an optician. Sidwell, Fossum, Vester, and Kelsch met at the sports bar. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1317
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Botts is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mccammon is an electrician. Sickels is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Godines is a lecturer. At the commuter bus, Sickels, Godines, Mccammon, and Botts connected. The public buses are comfortable to ride. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1318
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Garza is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ealy is a lifeguard. Brott is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Kebede is a factory worker. Kebede, Garza, Ealy, and Brott met at the design expo. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1319
Stringfellow is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Seavey is a stocking associate. Hau is a plumber. Esh is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the social community gathering, Seavey, Esh, Stringfellow, and Hau met. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. Ze reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1320
Hauck is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hardiman is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Gasser is a bus driver. Garza is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hauck, Gasser, Hardiman, and Garza met at the sports bar. The place is nice. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1321
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Epps is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Forsyth is a carpenter. Kreps is a stocking associate. Mattila is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the wedding, Mattila, Kreps, Epps, and Forsyth ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1322
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Newhall is a lifeguard. Arbaugh is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bruening is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Witman is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the food festival, Newhall, Witman, Arbaugh, and Bruening ran into each other. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1323
Gramajo is a stocking associate. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hoppe is a model. Holcombe is a hairdresser. Wimberley is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Gramajo, Hoppe, Holcombe, and Wimberley met at the wedding. The event is free and open to all people. They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1324
Miltenberger is a factory worker. Bravo is a mechanic. Singh is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Bruner is a lifeguard. At the commuter bus, Singh, Bravo, Bruner, and Miltenberger met. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1325
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fleenor is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Huebner is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Fontaine is a lecturer. Dunkin is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the rideshare, Huebner, Dunkin, Fontaine, and Fleenor met. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1326
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Brunet is an electrician. Dumlao is a newsreader. Gossage is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kemble is a lecturer. At the trivia night, Brunet, Dumlao, Kemble, and Gossage started a conversation. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1327
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Fishel is a dentist. Cui is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Haughton is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mccleskey is an accountant. At the gallery opening event, Fishel, Mccleskey, Haughton, and Cui started a conversation. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1328
Dahms is a chef. Running is a dentist. Tibbetts is a hairdresser. Schiavone is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the beach, Tibbetts, Schiavone, Dahms, and Running met. The beach is dotted with beaches as diverse as Laguna Sunset, Tangerine and the Tilden Islands. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1329
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Larkins is a factory worker. Gokey is a lecturer. Bevis is a model. Wimberly is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the dog park, Wimberly, Gokey, Larkins, and Bevis met. The dogs here are lovely. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1330
Jent is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Blohm is a factory worker. Hartline is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Huffman is a lecturer. At the public park, Jent, Huffman, Blohm, and Hartline started a conversation. The water is very good and clean. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1331
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Krajewski is a nurse. Odonoghue is a bus driver. Hewes is a stocking associate. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Carmouche is a model. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the beer making classes, Hewes, Carmouche, Krajewski, and Odonoghue connected. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1332
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sirois is an accountant. Klass is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Saxena is a dentist. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Lembo is a teacher. At the cooking class, Lembo, Klass, Sirois, and Saxena ran into each other. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1333
Jimerson is an electrician. Blundell is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Gambill is a plumber. Alcorn is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the rock climbing gym, Gambill, Jimerson, Alcorn, and Blundell started a conversation. The gym is located in Yap in Taipei, China and is the world's biggest gymnasium of its kind. Ze reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1334
Christianson is a traffic warden. Penson is an electrician. Havel is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bolden is a newsreader. At the charity car wash, Christianson, Penson, Havel, and Bolden met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1335
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Beamon is a mechanic. Gelfand is a newsreader. Sotelo is an optician. Lesperance is a lecturer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the rideshare, Gelfand, Sotelo, Beamon, and Lesperance met. Please note that the bus routes for each vehicle are subject to change while they are in operation. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1336
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Cargill is a bus driver. Cockrum is a factory worker. Ager is an electrician. Babineaux is a plumber. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the french class, Ager, Cargill, Babineaux, and Cockrum ran into each other. Classes are well organized. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1337
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Richey is a newsreader. Futch is a carpenter. Peet is a lecturer. Sechler is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the design expo, Futch, Sechler, Peet, and Richey started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1338
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Wethington is a factory worker. Fifield is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Coakley is a teacher. Mcnelly is a lifeguard. At the sports bar, Coakley, Mcnelly, Wethington, and Fifield started a conversation. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1339
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Chang is a newsreader. Isenhour is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Carnley is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Seybold is a plumber. At the yoga class, Isenhour, Chang, Seybold, and Carnley started a conversation. In the yoga class, people do n't have to leave their rooms or stand on a chair. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1340
Suchy is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kinman is a lecturer. Monger is a plumber. Easterday is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the social community gathering, Suchy, Kinman, Monger, and Easterday ran into each other. It is important to work together. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1341
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Fondren is a model. Varnum is a traffic warden. Mckey is a chef. Ankney is an accountant. At the design expo, Varnum, Ankney, Fondren, and Mckey started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1342
Brockington is a teacher. Odonoghue is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Seibold is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Gunn is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the beer making classes, Brockington, Odonoghue, Seibold, and Gunn started a conversation. The class has interesting sessions. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1343
Sikora is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kornegay is an accountant. Jarmon is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bellew is a labourer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the music festival, Kornegay, Sikora, Bellew, and Jarmon ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1344
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ballantyne is a bus driver. Auten is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Whitely is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Kurth is a traffic warden. At the charity run, Kurth, Ballantyne, Auten, and Whitely ran into each other. There were over 100 games for both newborns and for other trained professionals here. Ey reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1345
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Housman is a mechanic. Luckey is an accountant. Fontaine is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mcmann is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the wedding, Housman, Luckey, Fontaine, and Mcmann met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1346
Childs is a traffic warden. Wilmes is a newsreader. Oster is a carpenter. Vialpando is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the high intensity class, Childs, Vialpando, Oster, and Wilmes met. Classes are well organized. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1347
Culbertson is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Griebel is a lifeguard. Alamillo is a mechanic. Twyman is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the social community gathering, Twyman, Alamillo, Culbertson, and Griebel met. We have to work together through different platforms. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1348
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bruni is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Toomey is a dentist. Lederer is a labourer. Batiste is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the concert, Batiste, Toomey, Lederer, and Bruni ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1349
Donegan is a mechanic. Chasteen is a factory worker. Chao is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hatchett is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the design expo, Donegan, Hatchett, Chao, and Chasteen ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1350
Rollo is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Womack is a factory worker. Hardiman is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Sarkar is a dentist. At the sports bar, Rollo, Hardiman, Sarkar, and Womack ran into each other. The place is nice. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1351
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gebhardt is a carpenter. Trahan is a newsreader. Sutphin is an optician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bostick is a lifeguard. At the volunteer work, Gebhardt, Trahan, Sutphin, and Bostick met. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1352
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Pattillo is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Schwenk is a teacher. Brose is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Hupp is a factory worker. At the crossfit class, Hupp, Brose, Schwenk, and Pattillo ran into each other. The class has interesting sessions. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1353
Imler is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Barba is a teacher. Reh is a carpenter. Viviano is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the yoga class, Imler, Viviano, Barba, and Reh started a conversation. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1354
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Smead is a dentist. Clubb is a carpenter. Fordyce is a stocking associate. Benavidez is a mechanic. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the design expo, Fordyce, Smead, Benavidez, and Clubb met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1355
Hoar is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Sottile is a bus driver. Ragin is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Rothwell is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hoar, Rothwell, Ragin, and Sottile met at the ski resort party. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1356
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Tomberlin is a carpenter. Draeger is a stocking associate. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Owensby is a dentist. Kluge is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the french class, Kluge, Tomberlin, Draeger, and Owensby connected. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1357
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wainscott is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Sepulveda is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Sickels is a traffic warden. Roesch is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the subway, Sickels, Wainscott, Sepulveda, and Roesch connected. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1358
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fauntleroy is a mechanic. Holyfield is a bus driver. Mandel is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Running is a nurse. At the charity car wash, Running, Holyfield, Mandel, and Fauntleroy connected. The event is still underway. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1359
Rizzo is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mattern is a traffic warden. Estrada is a bus driver. Truesdell is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the commuter bus, Rizzo, Truesdell, Mattern, and Estrada started a conversation. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1360
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Blohm is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Wendt is a carpenter. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Herndon is a traffic warden. Sigmon is a nurse. Sigmon, Wendt, Blohm, and Herndon met at the wedding. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! Ze reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1361
Zepeda is a dentist. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Divito is a carpenter. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Levenson is an accountant. Chenevert is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the design expo, Divito, Chenevert, Zepeda, and Levenson ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1362
Esh is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Eckels is a newsreader. Kloster is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Lomas is an electrician. At the food festival, Eckels, Kloster, Esh, and Lomas connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1363
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Liner is a stocking associate. Ortego is a lecturer. Grindstaff is a newsreader. Etheridge is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the market, Etheridge, Grindstaff, Liner, and Ortego started a conversation. The market is a big source of income for many people. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1364
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Buckmaster is a bus driver. Murrin is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Bonar is an optician. Skiles is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the bar, Skiles, Bonar, Murrin, and Buckmaster ran into each other. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1365
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Odonoghue is a teacher. Kuhlmann is a model. Poplawski is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Vanderlaan is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the public park, Odonoghue, Kuhlmann, Poplawski, and Vanderlaan met. The birds are wild and hungry! They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1366
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Schiffer is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Hofmann is a model. Sletten is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Crittendon is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the sports bar, Sletten, Crittendon, Hofmann, and Schiffer ran into each other. The food here is very tasty. He told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1367
Minder is an accountant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Triolo is a teacher. Porras is a chef. Kahler is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the power yoga class, Minder, Kahler, Triolo, and Porras started a conversation. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. They told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1368
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Herrman is an accountant. Mathai is a lifeguard. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Spisak is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Huskins is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Spisak, Herrman, Mathai, and Huskins met at the fundraiser. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1369
Caplan is a teacher. Yanes is an accountant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Baptist is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Manchester is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the local talk, Manchester, Baptist, Yanes, and Caplan connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1370
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hood is a newsreader. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mendonca is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hunley is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Cater is a dentist. At the design expo, Hood, Mendonca, Cater, and Hunley ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1371
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Laxton is a traffic warden. Beardsley is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Rennie is a nurse. Aultman is a model. Laxton, Aultman, Rennie, and Beardsley met at the social community gathering. The community is a small group that engages at the community level to achieve great social and cultural well - being. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1372
Engel is a lecturer. Thrower is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Prieto is a stocking associate. Pettitt is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the beer making classes, Engel, Prieto, Thrower, and Pettitt started a conversation. Classes teach new things every week. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1373
Jeppson is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Neuenschwander is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Nance is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Horton is an accountant. At the rideshare, Neuenschwander, Nance, Jeppson, and Horton connected. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1374
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Sippel is a labourer. Lauderdale is a lecturer. Gula is a stocking associate. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Bretz is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the high intensity class, Sippel, Lauderdale, Gula, and Bretz met. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1375
Dimeo is a bus driver. Funderburk is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Corr is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Kennerly is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the yoga class, Corr, Funderburk, Dimeo, and Kennerly ran into each other. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1376
Fossum is a teacher. Mcclary is a model. Olszewski is a newsreader. Lopezgarcia is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the hotel, Mcclary, Fossum, Lopezgarcia, and Olszewski connected. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1377
Blanchette is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Wittman is a teacher. Urbina is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Kaufmann is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the open mic night, Urbina, Wittman, Blanchette, and Kaufmann connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1378
Rhymes is a lecturer. Province is a hairdresser. Howery is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Kendricks is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the local talk, Rhymes, Kendricks, Province, and Howery connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1379
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Skipper is a lecturer. Haught is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Byard is a chef. Topping is a hairdresser. At the trivia night, Byard, Haught, Topping, and Skipper met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1380
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Borne is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Putz is a bus driver. Goss is an electrician. Bruns is a lifeguard. At the power yoga class, Bruns, Borne, Goss, and Putz met. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1381
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mcintosh is a bus driver. Overstreet is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Chew is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Jaimes is a lecturer. Overstreet, Jaimes, Mcintosh, and Chew met at the library. Book clubs have like - minded people talking about all kinds of books. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1382
Stuhr is a labourer. Capasso is a model. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Berube is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bohr is an accountant. At the sports bar, Bohr, Berube, Capasso, and Stuhr connected. The beer is excellent. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1383
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Schaefer is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Stoneburner is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Karnes is a teacher. Dye is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the design expo, Schaefer, Karnes, Stoneburner, and Dye started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1384
Koehl is an accountant. Frazee is a plumber. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Turman is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Arango is an electrician. At the concert, Turman, Frazee, Arango, and Koehl connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1385
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Partain is a hairdresser. Zellmer is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Scates is a mechanic. Gephart is a dentist. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the yoga class, Gephart, Scates, Partain, and Zellmer met. The class instructs to practice an exercise for 1 - 3 seconds followed by a video. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1386
Mickle is a plumber. Vestal is a dentist. Leaman is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Silk is a lecturer. At the alumni event, Silk, Vestal, Mickle, and Leaman met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1387
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Confer is an optician. Frey is a plumber. Lebaron is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dimeo is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lebaron, Dimeo, Frey, and Confer met at the new year party. The party is also filled by the band. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1388
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Gao is a mechanic. Howington is a bus driver. Mains is a stocking associate. Paley is a chef. At the high intensity class, Gao, Mains, Howington, and Paley met. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1389
Blum is a bus driver. Harber is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Whittier is an accountant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Breneman is an optician. At the subway, Whittier, Breneman, Blum, and Harber started a conversation. Public transportation will have increased transit times. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1390
Gambino is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Menard is a stocking associate. Coles is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Romo is an electrician. Gambino, Romo, Coles, and Menard met at the open mic night. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1391
Ricca is a dentist. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Magallanes is a plumber. Krom is a carpenter. Fordyce is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the gallery opening event, Krom, Fordyce, Magallanes, and Ricca ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1392
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Segovia is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Owens is a nurse. Feaster is a labourer. Garbarino is a factory worker. At the beer making classes, Garbarino, Feaster, Segovia, and Owens started a conversation. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1393
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Freed is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Hearne is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wittman is a chef. Dossantos is a mechanic. At the design expo, Wittman, Hearne, Dossantos, and Freed met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1394
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kammerer is a newsreader. Strange is a labourer. Foti is a carpenter. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Dingler is an optician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity run, Foti, Strange, Dingler, and Kammerer met. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1395
Mastrangelo is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cutrer is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sandford is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Krout is a mechanic. At the beer making classes, Mastrangelo, Krout, Cutrer, and Sandford started a conversation. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1396
Coyle is a plumber. Hammon is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lajoie is a chef. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Anguiano is a model. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the music festival, Lajoie, Anguiano, Hammon, and Coyle connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1397
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Golson is a chef. Lengacher is a bus driver. Lachance is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Spier is a newsreader. At the rideshare, Golson, Lachance, Lengacher, and Spier met. Public transports are affordable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1398
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Oppenheim is a newsreader. Grasso is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Garabedian is a lecturer. Collazo is an electrician. At the market, Grasso, Garabedian, Oppenheim, and Collazo ran into each other. The market is an informal event where people gather at the market or gather in separate areas. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1399
Bernier is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cousar is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mcqueary is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Falls is an electrician. At the local talk, Mcqueary, Falls, Cousar, and Bernier connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1400
Flanders is a lifeguard. Grimaldo is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Peluso is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sao is a stocking associate. Flanders, Sao, Peluso, and Grimaldo met at the public park. We have some nice white rabbits here too. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1401
Rivenbark is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Sanz is a dentist. Eversole is an electrician. Haney is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Rivenbark, Sanz, Eversole, and Haney met at the charity car wash. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1402
Myrick is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Pillow is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Viveiros is a carpenter. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Noon is a model. At the charity car wash, Pillow, Viveiros, Noon, and Myrick ran into each other. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1403
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hafner is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Revels is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Adkisson is a mechanic. Vanhouten is a stocking associate. At the beer making classes, Vanhouten, Hafner, Revels, and Adkisson met. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1404
Dimartino is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Breaux is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Lopezgarcia is a teacher. Rocca is a labourer. At the hotel, Rocca, Lopezgarcia, Dimartino, and Breaux started a conversation. The atmosphere was nice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1405
Hammack is a chef. Jaggers is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Dunne is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Desantiago is a bus driver. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the trivia night, Dunne, Desantiago, Jaggers, and Hammack started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1406
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Sowa is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Jahnke is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Moberg is an electrician. Haddad is a stocking associate. At the dog park, Haddad, Jahnke, Sowa, and Moberg connected. The park has a park toilet as well! She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1407
Hathcock is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Hoskinson is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Morell is a factory worker. Galang is an accountant. At the volunteer work, Morell, Hoskinson, Hathcock, and Galang met. With just a little help, people can create lasting relationships and get the most out of the time. They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1408
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Jakes is a newsreader. Jumper is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Ptak is an electrician. Knowlton is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the fundraiser, Ptak, Knowlton, Jumper, and Jakes met. The event is still underway. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1409
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Traub is a chef. Hillard is a carpenter. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Macko is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Parson is a dentist. At the food festival, Hillard, Traub, Parson, and Macko started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1410
Kreps is a nurse. Bodnar is an electrician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pilkington is a hairdresser. Marrufo is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the fundraiser, Bodnar, Marrufo, Pilkington, and Kreps connected. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1411
Reams is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hamman is a labourer. Mackall is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Zimmer is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the gallery opening event, Reams, Zimmer, Hamman, and Mackall started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1412
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Carberry is a dentist. Caudell is a hairdresser. Christianson is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Vandehey is a nurse. At the gallery opening event, Christianson, Carberry, Caudell, and Vandehey met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1413
Dahlke is a hairdresser. Agostini is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Isbell is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Chapa is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the trivia night, Dahlke, Agostini, Isbell, and Chapa met. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1414
Nightingale is a labourer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Markle is an accountant. Kimmel is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Deberry is a carpenter. Deberry, Nightingale, Markle, and Kimmel met at the alumni event. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1415
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Moffat is a dentist. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Acree is a teacher. Flinn is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Bruns is a plumber. At the trivia night, Flinn, Bruns, Moffat, and Acree met. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1416
Legault is a teacher. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Burks is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Marrero is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Daniels is an optician. At the crossfit class, Burks, Daniels, Marrero, and Legault connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1417
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Menard is a hairdresser. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cogdill is a mechanic. Byun is a chef. Buser is a traffic warden. Buser, Cogdill, Byun, and Menard met at the sports bar. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1418
Fishel is a newsreader. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Ringler is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gough is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mcelligott is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the design expo, Fishel, Mcelligott, Gough, and Ringler started a conversation. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1419
Rascon is a stocking associate. Lavin is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Slocum is a hairdresser. Dew is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the beach, Dew, Rascon, Lavin, and Slocum ran into each other. The beach is just right, the ocean is n't too big, people and the sun are always just right. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1420
Enyart is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Moseley is a lifeguard. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Klick is a chef. Simcox is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the social community gathering, Moseley, Simcox, Klick, and Enyart connected. The community has a very interesting, hard - working and highly - cared - about group of people who are looking to make local food and drink available to all. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1421
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Nolte is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Gerstner is a factory worker. Exline is a traffic warden. Chuang is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the volunteer work, Chuang, Exline, Nolte, and Gerstner started a conversation. To participate, the participants must have a working record. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1422
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Overfield is a chef. Music is a nurse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hewes is a traffic warden. Theobald is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the power yoga class, Theobald, Overfield, Music, and Hewes started a conversation. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1423
Hilts is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Spath is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ruch is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sigala is a labourer. At the commuter bus, Spath, Sigala, Ruch, and Hilts ran into each other. The public transports are public. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1424
Worthen is a plumber. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Verret is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Halstead is a model. Fielder is an accountant. At the ski resort party, Verret, Halstead, Fielder, and Worthen connected. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1425
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Millikin is a nurse. Saeteurn is a plumber. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Betancur is a model. Nissley is a teacher. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the rideshare, Saeteurn, Nissley, Millikin, and Betancur met. Public transportation will have increased transit times. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1426
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Pereyra is a chef. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Pritchard is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Degroat is an accountant. Freund is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the rideshare, Pritchard, Degroat, Freund, and Pereyra ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1427
Sumpter is a teacher. Martineau is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Ashburn is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Donis is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the beer making classes, Sumpter, Martineau, Donis, and Ashburn connected. Classes are well organized. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1428
Gahagan is a lifeguard. Nightingale is a lecturer. Johns is a dentist. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Obryant is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Johns, Nightingale, Gahagan, and Obryant met at the rock climbing gym. The gym is open until 10:00 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1429
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bundy is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Appleton is a traffic warden. Sereno is a plumber. Lahey is a model. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the library, Appleton, Sereno, Bundy, and Lahey connected. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1430
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mcclinton is an electrician. Corn is an accountant. Wehner is a lecturer. Forward is a plumber. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the concert, Corn, Mcclinton, Forward, and Wehner ran into each other. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1431
Gravatt is an electrician. Mcniff is a chef. Hedger is a traffic warden. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Shepardson is a model. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the yoga class, Mcniff, Shepardson, Hedger, and Gravatt started a conversation. Meditation is very important to reduce the stress levels. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1432
Knebel is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Landwehr is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Outten is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Strand is a lifeguard. At the library, Knebel, Outten, Strand, and Landwehr met. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1433
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Conforti is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Bankhead is a bus driver. Carberry is a chef. Arispe is a mechanic. At the library, Conforti, Arispe, Carberry, and Bankhead started a conversation. If there are a lot of books then one does n't need to go to a book club. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1434
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fath is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Roesch is a chef. Konieczny is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Imler is a hairdresser. Roesch, Fath, Imler, and Konieczny met at the concert. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. They told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1435
Kissel is a hairdresser. Culbertson is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcelligott is a newsreader. Sandridge is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the concert, Sandridge, Kissel, Culbertson, and Mcelligott started a conversation. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1436
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kugler is a stocking associate. Arocho is a labourer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Parkhill is a nurse. Leiva is a traffic warden. At the french class, Leiva, Parkhill, Arocho, and Kugler connected. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1437
Gabbard is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Riedl is a newsreader. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Bever is a factory worker. Yard is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the public park, Bever, Yard, Riedl, and Gabbard started a conversation. Most of the time people just sit here watching the birds or the dogs. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1438
Bazile is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Freitas is a carpenter. Corkery is a plumber. Okafor is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the high intensity class, Freitas, Okafor, Bazile, and Corkery ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1439
Schwenk is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Taing is a factory worker. Knoop is a labourer. Viveiros is a hairdresser. At the new year party, Knoop, Schwenk, Viveiros, and Taing ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. They told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1440
Epling is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Visconti is a mechanic. Motz is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Zawadzki is a stocking associate. Visconti, Zawadzki, Epling, and Motz met at the local talk. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1441
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Rash is a nurse. Suttles is an accountant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bacher is a plumber. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hatch is a chef. At the dog park, Hatch, Bacher, Rash, and Suttles ran into each other. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1442
Thornley is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Nyquist is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Troup is an accountant. Owsley is a plumber. Owsley, Troup, Thornley, and Nyquist met at the concert. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! Ze reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1443
Labrador is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mains is a bus driver. Brill is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gainer is an electrician. At the fundraiser, Labrador, Mains, Brill, and Gainer met. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1444
Miers is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Quirarte is an electrician. Moncada is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Degroot is a mechanic. Miers, Moncada, Quirarte, and Degroot met at the social community gathering. The community's support is essential if a community exists to provide for each other. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1445
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Costin is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wint is a labourer. Mcgarvey is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Estevez is a hairdresser. At the beer making classes, Estevez, Costin, Mcgarvey, and Wint started a conversation. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1446
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Deal is a dentist. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Schlegel is a model. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Zawadzki is a traffic warden. Senecal is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the library, Schlegel, Deal, Zawadzki, and Senecal connected. Readers may read more books on a particular topic. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1447
Barba is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Coil is a chef. Metivier is a dentist. Veatch is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the food festival, Metivier, Coil, Veatch, and Barba ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1448
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Eckhart is a chef. Mcgirt is a bus driver. Keagle is a hairdresser. Boyington is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the library, Mcgirt, Boyington, Keagle, and Eckhart connected. It is a great way to stay organized for the first time! She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1449
Peinado is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Flakes is an accountant. Waldrip is a traffic warden. Forth is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the music festival, Flakes, Peinado, Forth, and Waldrip ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1450
Whitlatch is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lamarre is a stocking associate. Min is a lifeguard. Mcclaskey is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mcclaskey, Min, Whitlatch, and Lamarre met at the rock climbing gym. People can really make a lasting impression off each other at the gym! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1451
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Willing is a mechanic. Leff is a teacher. Ewart is a dentist. Surprenant is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the french class, Willing, Leff, Surprenant, and Ewart ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. Ze reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1452
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Childs is a mechanic. Buresh is a chef. Schuessler is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Byers is a lecturer. At the hotel, Byers, Schuessler, Childs, and Buresh started a conversation. The place was crowded. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1453
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Lesperance is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Jent is a mechanic. Peavler is a factory worker. Curfman is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the food festival, Lesperance, Curfman, Peavler, and Jent started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1454
Yoshida is a traffic warden. Medford is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Binns is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Monje is a teacher. At the subway, Medford, Binns, Yoshida, and Monje met. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. They reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1455
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kahl is a teacher. Bratcher is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Trueblood is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bearden is an optician. At the dog park, Bratcher, Trueblood, Bearden, and Kahl connected. The trees are very nice for watching birds. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1456
Gehring is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Wachtel is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Cater is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Sorg is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the charity car wash, Gehring, Wachtel, Sorg, and Cater started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1457
Willey is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcintosh is a bus driver. Lengacher is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Pettus is a nurse. Willey, Mcintosh, Pettus, and Lengacher met at the rideshare. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1458
Cowley is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Capel is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Lopes is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Shubert is a newsreader. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the public park, Lopes, Cowley, Shubert, and Capel started a conversation. The dogs that play here are super cute. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1459
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Daniels is a hairdresser. Wilken is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Puente is a chef. Schwenk is a traffic warden. Puente, Wilken, Schwenk, and Daniels met at the cooking class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ey told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1460
Yoshida is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lambeth is a plumber. Fleet is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Heflin is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the fundraiser, Heflin, Lambeth, Fleet, and Yoshida ran into each other. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1461
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ashworth is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Scherrer is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Peraza is a chef. Arellano is a newsreader. At the food festival, Ashworth, Arellano, Peraza, and Scherrer connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1462
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Parra is a lecturer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Springman is an optician. Tingley is a dentist. Dimatteo is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Parra, Dimatteo, Tingley, and Springman met at the ski resort party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. They reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1463
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Goetz is an electrician. Sharma is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Baltimore is a newsreader. Popa is a traffic warden. At the sports bar, Baltimore, Goetz, Sharma, and Popa met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1464
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Gillingham is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Lathrop is an accountant. Aparicio is a lecturer. Loftin is an electrician. At the social community gathering, Loftin, Lathrop, Aparicio, and Gillingham met. We have to work together through different platforms. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1465
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ranson is a plumber. Clute is an optician. Bivins is a hairdresser. Goyal is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the bar, Goyal, Ranson, Bivins, and Clute connected. It is a cool place to hang out. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1466
Kittinger is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Muck is an accountant. Buie is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bohr is a chef. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the power yoga class, Bohr, Buie, Muck, and Kittinger connected. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1467
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Ragin is an accountant. Schaffner is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brainerd is a mechanic. Hasegawa is a hairdresser. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the cooking class, Schaffner, Hasegawa, Ragin, and Brainerd ran into each other. The classes usually begin before work. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1468
Lawler is a lecturer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Aday is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mixson is an accountant. Newswanger is a factory worker. Aday, Mixson, Newswanger, and Lawler met at the public park. The park has a lot of gardens. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1469
Crooks is a stocking associate. Reta is a hairdresser. Warnick is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Muck is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the rock climbing gym, Crooks, Muck, Warnick, and Reta connected. The gym is designed to cater to the high end needs of the person. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1470
Beeler is a lecturer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Berman is a newsreader. Cardiel is a traffic warden. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Shoulders is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the high intensity class, Berman, Shoulders, Cardiel, and Beeler met. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1471
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Manigault is a stocking associate. Ingraham is a factory worker. Sonntag is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Gillingham is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the high intensity class, Ingraham, Manigault, Sonntag, and Gillingham met. This class has amazing outcomes. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1472
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Baccus is a stocking associate. Goulart is a teacher. Hoel is a labourer. Mader is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Hoel, Mader, Baccus, and Goulart met at the bar. The coffee cake is quite good. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1473
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Gantz is a model. Garciagarcia is a mechanic. Brasel is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pettey is a nurse. At the ski resort party, Garciagarcia, Brasel, Pettey, and Gantz met. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1474
Macdowell is a teacher. Odeh is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Solberg is a chef. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Hinshaw is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the french class, Odeh, Hinshaw, Macdowell, and Solberg connected. This class has amazing outcomes. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1475
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Rasor is a model. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mcveigh is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Merola is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hesson is a bus driver. Mcveigh, Merola, Rasor, and Hesson met at the bar. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1476
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Biggs is an accountant. Deitz is an electrician. Schaefer is a model. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Buchan is a lecturer. At the power yoga class, Schaefer, Biggs, Deitz, and Buchan connected. Yoga is best done in silence. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1477
Liggett is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Okafor is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Allbright is a bus driver. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Coil is a nurse. At the open mic night, Okafor, Allbright, Coil, and Liggett started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1478
Tefft is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Yin is a lecturer. Borst is a carpenter. Mingle is a plumber. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the fundraiser, Yin, Tefft, Borst, and Mingle connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1479
Shank is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Eiland is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Auten is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pinheiro is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the power yoga class, Shank, Eiland, Auten, and Pinheiro connected. The class will be taking a lot of stress off. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1480
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mazur is an optician. Lacoste is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Poitras is a newsreader. Timms is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity car wash, Mazur, Lacoste, Timms, and Poitras connected. The event is still underway. Ze reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1481
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Revis is a teacher. Brownlow is a bus driver. Timms is an optician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Helm is a newsreader. At the trivia night, Brownlow, Revis, Helm, and Timms connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1482
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mclaren is a nurse. Buckwalter is a factory worker. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Armitage is a newsreader. Delima is a lifeguard. At the beach, Mclaren, Delima, Buckwalter, and Armitage met. The beach is full of a sense of awe and awe - inspiring beauty. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1483
Authement is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mcelligott is a plumber. Rash is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Borne is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the music festival, Rash, Mcelligott, Authement, and Borne connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1484
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gascon is a nurse. Toms is an optician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Munsey is a lifeguard. Selle is a mechanic. Munsey, Toms, Gascon, and Selle met at the subway. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1485
Borrero is a lifeguard. Berthiaume is a plumber. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Lederer is a nurse. Peay is a chef. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the local talk, Berthiaume, Lederer, Peay, and Borrero started a conversation. The event is still underway. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1486
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Lemke is a traffic warden. Zawacki is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Urquhart is a teacher. Dittmer is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the trivia night, Lemke, Urquhart, Dittmer, and Zawacki started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1487
Zornes is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sultana is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pohlman is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Godinez is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the french class, Zornes, Godinez, Pohlman, and Sultana started a conversation. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1488
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Portis is a plumber. Brouillette is a newsreader. Towns is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Broadwell is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the ski resort party, Broadwell, Brouillette, Portis, and Towns started a conversation. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1489
Plath is a plumber. Dula is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Odom is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Guice is a labourer. At the design expo, Odom, Plath, Guice, and Dula started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1490
Schumann is a factory worker. Turnquist is a lifeguard. Vanvoorhis is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Huitron is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the french class, Turnquist, Vanvoorhis, Schumann, and Huitron connected. The classes sometimes have "class" games. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1491
Schnitzer is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wickersham is a mechanic. Belles is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Peavler is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the concert, Peavler, Belles, Wickersham, and Schnitzer ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1492
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Cayton is an electrician. Moldenhauer is a lecturer. Naik is a nurse. Lattimore is an accountant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the local talk, Moldenhauer, Cayton, Naik, and Lattimore connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1493
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Pasternak is a nurse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Simmers is a teacher. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Grabowski is a lifeguard. Peavler is a lecturer. Simmers, Grabowski, Peavler, and Pasternak met at the charity car wash. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1494
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Steffy is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Capel is a hairdresser. Lajeunesse is a lifeguard. Borders is a nurse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the gallery opening event, Lajeunesse, Capel, Steffy, and Borders connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1495
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Doyal is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Norcross is a plumber. Ganley is a labourer. Mcalexander is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the subway, Ganley, Doyal, Norcross, and Mcalexander started a conversation. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1496
Yoo is an accountant. Stamand is a nurse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Nolte is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Slavens is a factory worker. At the subway, Slavens, Stamand, Yoo, and Nolte started a conversation. Each public bus will have street lights, but some buses will be powered on by electric lights for short periods. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1497
Guerrera is an electrician. Lauderdale is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Curfman is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Varnum is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Guerrera, Varnum, Curfman, and Lauderdale met at the yoga class. Yoga is best done in silence. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1498
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bledsoe is an optician. Lowery is an electrician. Fofana is a lecturer. Dahlquist is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the new year party, Dahlquist, Fofana, Bledsoe, and Lowery connected. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1499
Meza is an electrician. Abt is a model. Sequeira is a mechanic. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Krick is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the gallery opening event, Sequeira, Meza, Abt, and Krick ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1500
Ogara is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Dalke is a carpenter. Coppock is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Byerly is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the cooking class, Ogara, Dalke, Byerly, and Coppock connected. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1501
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Charlesworth is a hairdresser. Ponte is a lecturer. Harrold is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Robb is a plumber. Charlesworth, Ponte, Robb, and Harrold met at the ski resort party. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1502
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Higa is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dragoo is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Holmes is a lifeguard. Schock is a lecturer. At the french class, Dragoo, Higa, Holmes, and Schock connected. The class is fun! They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1503
Kerstetter is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Allgood is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Nims is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. East is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the beer making classes, East, Kerstetter, Nims, and Allgood ran into each other. Classes provide fun and challenge. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1504
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Bachman is a mechanic. Pinkard is a factory worker. Pegram is an optician. Corriveau is a teacher. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Pegram, Corriveau, Pinkard, and Bachman met at the beach. There is another side of the ocean, in the form of a beach known as a' Pill Road'. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1505
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Petersheim is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Croley is a mechanic. Watkins is a labourer. Classen is an optician. Watkins, Croley, Classen, and Petersheim met at the beer making classes. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1506
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Leonhardt is a lecturer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Chavis is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Forgione is a labourer. Carraway is a plumber. At the open mic night, Chavis, Forgione, Carraway, and Leonhardt connected. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1507
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Workman is a mechanic. Oxford is a lifeguard. Pinson is an accountant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kelleher is a hairdresser. At the fundraiser, Oxford, Kelleher, Pinson, and Workman ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1508
Printz is a bus driver. Rothe is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mcnabb is a stocking associate. Linde is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the yoga class, Rothe, Printz, Linde, and Mcnabb ran into each other. In the class, people have a quiet place to rest for three to two hours. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1509
Escandon is a hairdresser. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mattila is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Rikard is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Battles is a model. At the design expo, Battles, Rikard, Mattila, and Escandon met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1510
Dileo is a newsreader. Mensch is a dentist. Maysonet is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Scheidt is a lifeguard. Dileo, Scheidt, Mensch, and Maysonet met at the market. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. Ey told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1511
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Draeger is a model. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Laplant is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Suttles is a traffic warden. Portillo is a labourer. Draeger, Suttles, Laplant, and Portillo met at the rideshare. The public buses are comfortable to ride. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1512
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Olszewski is an optician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Leanos is a dentist. Bojorquez is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Nourse is a newsreader. Nourse, Bojorquez, Leanos, and Olszewski met at the high intensity class. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ey told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1513
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Winebrenner is a dentist. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Shull is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Skiles is a nurse. Worrall is a carpenter. At the volunteer work, Skiles, Winebrenner, Shull, and Worrall met. To participate, the participants must have a working record. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1514
Mcewen is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Alfaro is a stocking associate. Broadwater is a chef. Chee is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Alfaro, Chee, Broadwater, and Mcewen met at the wedding. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1515
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gutierrez is a chef. Larabee is a dentist. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Boothby is a teacher. Santoro is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the yoga class, Boothby, Gutierrez, Santoro, and Larabee connected. Yoga teaches people to be quiet, so that they relax and get out of their mental barriers. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1516
Epling is a dentist. Calo is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Dew is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Aiello is a chef. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Dew, Aiello, Epling, and Calo met at the food festival. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1517
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Lampkins is a carpenter. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Shurtz is an electrician. Digiorgio is a hairdresser. Gambrell is a model. At the hotel, Shurtz, Gambrell, Lampkins, and Digiorgio connected. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1518
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Ivers is a chef. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lauzon is a model. Dines is a hairdresser. Corzine is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the yoga class, Dines, Lauzon, Corzine, and Ivers met. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1519
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Fishburn is a teacher. Schaffner is a newsreader. Bracero is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Quinones is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Schaffner, Quinones, Bracero, and Fishburn met at the volunteer work. People volunteer in areas that are close to heart. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1520
Jiang is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Wolter is a labourer. Cayton is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mimms is a dentist. At the new year party, Cayton, Jiang, Wolter, and Mimms connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1521
Armour is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mengel is a mechanic. Saxena is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Akter is a dentist. At the alumni event, Akter, Saxena, Mengel, and Armour met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1522
Vass is a newsreader. Basile is a factory worker. Lumpkins is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sundquist is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the power yoga class, Basile, Lumpkins, Sundquist, and Vass met. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1523
Mcneese is a chef. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mumaw is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Perino is an optician. Bonneau is a carpenter. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mcneese, Mumaw, Perino, and Bonneau met at the bar. It is a cool place to hang out. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1524
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mccalister is a nurse. Whitesides is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Halverson is a stocking associate. Mclaren is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Halverson, Mccalister, Mclaren, and Whitesides met at the sports bar. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1525
Wendt is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Caro is a mechanic. Schiffer is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Langworthy is a stocking associate. At the rock climbing gym, Schiffer, Caro, Wendt, and Langworthy ran into each other. The gym is a great place to exercise in the winter. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1526
Stalcup is a factory worker. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ciccone is a carpenter. Haake is a hairdresser. Alber is a labourer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the sports bar, Stalcup, Alber, Haake, and Ciccone started a conversation. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1527
Dandridge is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hendley is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Heintzelman is a factory worker. Crenshaw is a labourer. Heintzelman, Hendley, Crenshaw, and Dandridge met at the crossfit class. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1528
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Soltis is a traffic warden. Saville is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Segoviano is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Singleton is a stocking associate. Singleton, Segoviano, Saville, and Soltis met at the bar. The food here has some of the best food in the city. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1529
Labar is a model. Stiver is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hardman is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Owensby is a bus driver. At the public park, Stiver, Hardman, Owensby, and Labar ran into each other. The park site for more information about the location. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1530
Abebe is a bus driver. Dockery is an optician. Coletti is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Seamster is a labourer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the ski resort party, Seamster, Coletti, Abebe, and Dockery met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1531
Scholes is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Keagle is an accountant. Ingrassia is an electrician. Mannion is a chef. At the market, Scholes, Ingrassia, Mannion, and Keagle met. The market is a big source of income for many people. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1532
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mccurdy is a lifeguard. Mcintosh is an electrician. Arbaugh is a model. Dewees is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Arbaugh, Mcintosh, Dewees, and Mccurdy met at the fundraiser. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1533
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Prins is a plumber. Larabee is a mechanic. Gettys is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bucci is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the beer making classes, Larabee, Gettys, Prins, and Bucci started a conversation. Classes take place every Friday at 8:00 pm. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1534
Dann is a stocking associate. Scherr is an accountant. Fralick is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Terwilliger is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the music festival, Terwilliger, Dann, Fralick, and Scherr connected. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1535
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Owensby is an accountant. Weigand is a factory worker. Luo is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Solari is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the open mic night, Solari, Weigand, Owensby, and Luo ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. They reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1536
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Armbruster is a lecturer. Strock is a plumber. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Worrall is a teacher. Bamford is a model. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Armbruster, Worrall, Bamford, and Strock met at the french class. Each session teaches a different theme. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1537
Zhao is a bus driver. Gauthier is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Lagrone is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Pera is a hairdresser. Pera, Zhao, Lagrone, and Gauthier met at the fundraiser. A lot of people participate in these events! They reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1538
Serpa is a dentist. Nord is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mcgeorge is a carpenter. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Stigall is a teacher. At the trivia night, Stigall, Nord, Serpa, and Mcgeorge connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1539
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Hardcastle is a newsreader. Mcdole is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hood is a stocking associate. Mccombs is a teacher. At the power yoga class, Mccombs, Hood, Mcdole, and Hardcastle met. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1540
Gettinger is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ducharme is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Preble is a lecturer. Traub is an accountant. At the wedding, Gettinger, Traub, Preble, and Ducharme connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1541
Gamblin is a labourer. Jent is a lifeguard. Cancel is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Blomquist is a hairdresser. At the volunteer work, Gamblin, Cancel, Blomquist, and Jent met. A hurricane or other natural calamity can be a good reason to volunteer at a charity center. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1542
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Andrus is a nurse. Katona is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Monreal is a factory worker. Miceli is a teacher. At the market, Andrus, Katona, Monreal, and Miceli met. The market is about to be opened up again for business after a curfew. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1543
Hanks is a stocking associate. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Milliner is a labourer. Workman is a lifeguard. Brookshire is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the social community gathering, Brookshire, Hanks, Milliner, and Workman started a conversation. Community service is wonderful. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1544
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gambino is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lamarca is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Lamontagne is a stocking associate. Lovin is a factory worker. At the social community gathering, Gambino, Lamontagne, Lamarca, and Lovin started a conversation. It is a place of faith. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1545
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcgahey is a bus driver. Luu is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Carini is a lifeguard. Luck is a traffic warden. At the market, Luu, Luck, Mcgahey, and Carini met. The market is open to all genders and ages. She reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1546
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Corn is a dentist. Teed is an electrician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Din is a hairdresser. Kogut is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the ski resort party, Din, Corn, Kogut, and Teed ran into each other. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1547
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mowrer is a mechanic. Woosley is a traffic warden. Spruell is a labourer. Toms is a factory worker. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the trivia night, Toms, Woosley, Spruell, and Mowrer ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1548
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Loftin is a mechanic. Berber is a nurse. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Goins is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Turney is a stocking associate. At the gallery opening event, Goins, Turney, Loftin, and Berber started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1549
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Gilliland is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Mcphee is a lifeguard. Butters is an electrician. Peraza is a mechanic. At the public park, Peraza, Butters, Mcphee, and Gilliland started a conversation. The park is beautiful. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1550
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wargo is a chef. Paone is a factory worker. Hegedus is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Reveles is a hairdresser. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the yoga class, Paone, Reveles, Hegedus, and Wargo met. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1551
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Dant is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Lovin is a lecturer. Wolfer is a teacher. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Mcpeek is a newsreader. At the music and art festival, Lovin, Mcpeek, Dant, and Wolfer met. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1552
Horn is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Bove is a nurse. Burgin is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Thomasson is an accountant. At the concert, Burgin, Thomasson, Bove, and Horn met. Many of the events are very popular in the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1553
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Wentz is a lecturer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Finnie is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bingaman is a nurse. Lamberson is an optician. Finnie, Bingaman, Lamberson, and Wentz met at the trivia night. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1554
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Odowd is a mechanic. Hillyard is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hague is a nurse. Nagel is a chef. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the concert, Nagel, Odowd, Hague, and Hillyard met. It is open to the public. They told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1555
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Whang is a labourer. Sigmon is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Stallard is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Miramontes is a mechanic. At the french class, Miramontes, Sigmon, Whang, and Stallard met. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1556
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hardman is a chef. Paredes is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Solares is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Wescott is a hairdresser. At the volunteer work, Solares, Hardman, Wescott, and Paredes started a conversation. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1557
Wyss is a stocking associate. Schad is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mossman is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Perine is a lifeguard. At the fundraiser, Mossman, Perine, Wyss, and Schad connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1558
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Grays is a stocking associate. Roloff is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Balke is a hairdresser. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Dumlao is a newsreader. At the open mic night, Balke, Dumlao, Roloff, and Grays ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1559
Fleischer is a model. Labrador is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Witman is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Schnabel is a lifeguard. Labrador, Witman, Fleischer, and Schnabel met at the fundraiser. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ey told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1560
Maust is a labourer. Bufkin is a teacher. Galyon is a bus driver. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Killen is a mechanic. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the hotel, Maust, Galyon, Bufkin, and Killen met. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1561
Birt is a dentist. Fernandes is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Trillo is a chef. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sosa is a mechanic. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Trillo, Fernandes, Sosa, and Birt met at the charity run. People can play games on stage and not worry about what is going on in the background. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1562
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Moorefield is a carpenter. Plath is a model. Sparkman is an accountant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Harrah is a plumber. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the subway, Harrah, Sparkman, Plath, and Moorefield ran into each other. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1563
Wiseman is a carpenter. Mossman is a stocking associate. Mickelson is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Bunn is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the music festival, Mossman, Bunn, Mickelson, and Wiseman started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1564
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rosinski is a newsreader. Wiseman is a model. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Keough is a traffic warden. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Nance is a mechanic. At the public park, Keough, Rosinski, Nance, and Wiseman ran into each other. The park looks nice. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1565
Faircloth is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Miltenberger is a nurse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Setzer is an accountant. Predmore is a mechanic. Predmore, Setzer, Miltenberger, and Faircloth met at the yoga class. The more people learn and practice yoga, the happier they will be with their life and career. They reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1566
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Poitras is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Thiede is a labourer. Ouyang is an optician. Turcotte is a factory worker. At the french class, Thiede, Poitras, Ouyang, and Turcotte ran into each other. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1567
Mclane is a plumber. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Potvin is a model. Blakeney is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Sliva is a teacher. At the rideshare, Blakeney, Sliva, Potvin, and Mclane connected. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1568
Storch is a teacher. Jung is a bus driver. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Brandenburg is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Escudero is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the design expo, Escudero, Jung, Storch, and Brandenburg started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1569
Malagon is a dentist. Hamby is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Rezac is a factory worker. Fales is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the open mic night, Hamby, Fales, Rezac, and Malagon connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1570
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pradhan is a mechanic. Hurlburt is a newsreader. Orsini is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Brisson is a nurse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the subway, Orsini, Hurlburt, Pradhan, and Brisson started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1571
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Moyer is a stocking associate. Mcateer is a dentist. Goodman is a lifeguard. Colindres is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the charity run, Colindres, Mcateer, Goodman, and Moyer connected. Many people enjoy sports in general but not some game like basketball, baseball and hockey in an indoor sport. Ze told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1572
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Westberg is a stocking associate. Hanks is an accountant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Wymer is a carpenter. Lujano is an electrician. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the concert, Hanks, Wymer, Lujano, and Westberg ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1573
Weir is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Bolds is a teacher. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Christman is an accountant. Murguia is a stocking associate. Murguia, Bolds, Weir, and Christman met at the public park. The park site for more information about the location. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1574
Gribble is a bus driver. Lamb is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Selle is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fettig is a stocking associate. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the hotel, Selle, Fettig, Gribble, and Lamb started a conversation. One of the few spots for everyone. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1575
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Heger is a newsreader. Jardine is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Rozell is a mechanic. Mcjunkin is a teacher. At the music and art festival, Mcjunkin, Jardine, Heger, and Rozell met. It is open to the public. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1576
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Pickell is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lawler is a model. Guinn is a plumber. Deeds is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the charity run, Lawler, Pickell, Guinn, and Deeds connected. People can play as many different people, and the game, while it is not perfect, is a great experience. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1577
Brittingham is a nurse. Chuang is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Sirmans is a chef. Krebs is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the public park, Krebs, Chuang, Sirmans, and Brittingham ran into each other. The dogs that play here are super cute. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1578
Meraz is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Fitzwater is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Tidmore is a hairdresser. Ayres is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the music and art festival, Ayres, Meraz, Fitzwater, and Tidmore met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1579
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Loe is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Allman is a traffic warden. Hadnot is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Westra is a chef. At the volunteer work, Allman, Westra, Loe, and Hadnot met. The volunteering organization works on various issues related to the mission and helps out with fundraising and tourism. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1580
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Zylstra is a teacher. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mote is an electrician. Kinman is a dentist. Allgood is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the library, Allgood, Zylstra, Mote, and Kinman started a conversation. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. They reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1581
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Classen is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Myhre is a lecturer. Colligan is a labourer. Hon is a nurse. At the local talk, Classen, Hon, Myhre, and Colligan started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1582
Hyppolite is a plumber. Hadaway is a hairdresser. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Loch is an optician. Pickard is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the charity car wash, Loch, Hyppolite, Pickard, and Hadaway started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1583
Ragin is a carpenter. Kingsbury is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Meaney is a newsreader. Melgoza is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the music and art festival, Melgoza, Meaney, Ragin, and Kingsbury met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1584
Cotner is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Trott is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Matuszak is a teacher. Polston is an accountant. At the social community gathering, Matuszak, Trott, Polston, and Cotner met. It is a place of faith. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1585
Tousignant is a hairdresser. Hathaway is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gallucci is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Duhart is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the trivia night, Hathaway, Tousignant, Duhart, and Gallucci ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1586
Flanigan is a stocking associate. Kluck is a mechanic. Beliveau is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Armendariz is a carpenter. At the gallery opening event, Flanigan, Kluck, Armendariz, and Beliveau started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1587
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Jent is a nurse. Papke is a chef. Ledgerwood is a dentist. Solari is a stocking associate. Solari, Papke, Ledgerwood, and Jent met at the charity car wash. A large number of people attend these events. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1588
Lombardo is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Spellman is a plumber. Leasure is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Last is a teacher. Spellman, Last, Lombardo, and Leasure met at the public park. The park site for more information about the location. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1589
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Friesen is a dentist. Vallejos is an electrician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Thapa is a nurse. Janke is a lifeguard. At the design expo, Janke, Thapa, Vallejos, and Friesen connected. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1590
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Robb is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Coelho is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Nightingale is a newsreader. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Goodwyn is an optician. At the food festival, Goodwyn, Nightingale, Robb, and Coelho ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1591
Hagopian is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Adelman is a lifeguard. Pastrana is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Berrier is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the cooking class, Pastrana, Adelman, Berrier, and Hagopian connected. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1592
Rohde is a traffic warden. Gibbens is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Jarmon is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Zaragoza is a chef. Gibbens, Jarmon, Zaragoza, and Rohde met at the crossfit class. The class is fun! He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1593
Cayton is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Highley is a dentist. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ducharme is a stocking associate. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Zellers is a bus driver. At the alumni event, Zellers, Cayton, Ducharme, and Highley met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1594
Moye is a traffic warden. Ferretti is a mechanic. Mcbride is a plumber. Russo is a model. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the commuter bus, Ferretti, Moye, Mcbride, and Russo connected. People have different schedules. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1595
Zell is a lecturer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Berglund is a traffic warden. Vassallo is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Foreman is a dentist. Vassallo, Berglund, Zell, and Foreman met at the charity run. The weather is nice for games today. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1596
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Meriwether is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Meese is a newsreader. Kwiatkowski is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Moll is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the public park, Moll, Meriwether, Meese, and Kwiatkowski started a conversation. The park looks nice. He told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1597
Labonte is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Brunelle is a model. Hinman is a traffic warden. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Kravitz is a mechanic. At the crossfit class, Hinman, Labonte, Brunelle, and Kravitz met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1598
Sauder is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Winner is a factory worker. Troupe is a labourer. Hemenway is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the charity car wash, Sauder, Troupe, Winner, and Hemenway met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1599
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Elledge is a teacher. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Williford is an electrician. Mudd is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Sayles is a carpenter. At the commuter bus, Sayles, Elledge, Williford, and Mudd started a conversation. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1600
Cardwell is an electrician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Niblett is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. El is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Cancel is a labourer. Niblett, Cardwell, El, and Cancel met at the crossfit class. The class has interesting sessions. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1601
Pettit is an accountant. Waldorf is a factory worker. Adkinson is a lecturer. Ketner is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the volunteer work, Waldorf, Pettit, Ketner, and Adkinson ran into each other. To participate, the participants must have a working record. They reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1602
Gutierrez is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Rothenberger is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Koon is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Flinn is a carpenter. At the rideshare, Gutierrez, Rothenberger, Flinn, and Koon connected. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1603
Varma is a traffic warden. Weeks is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Guevara is an electrician. Wolken is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the local talk, Wolken, Guevara, Varma, and Weeks connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1604
Eisenman is a hairdresser. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Devita is a newsreader. Strawn is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Hohl is an electrician. Hohl, Eisenman, Devita, and Strawn met at the french class. The class tries to make the course enjoyable. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1605
Sippel is an electrician. Arp is an accountant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Classen is a mechanic. Mollett is a newsreader. At the hotel, Sippel, Classen, Mollett, and Arp met. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1606
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bealer is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Vavra is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Engelhardt is a dentist. Bellows is a teacher. Engelhardt, Vavra, Bealer, and Bellows met at the power yoga class. The yoga class lasts around 24 - 27 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1607
Sherlock is a stocking associate. Mill is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Singleton is an electrician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Glasgow is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the music and art festival, Singleton, Mill, Glasgow, and Sherlock started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1608
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Glasscock is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Rousseau is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Husband is an electrician. Lareau is a stocking associate. Glasscock, Husband, Lareau, and Rousseau met at the market. Markets are full of surprises! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1609
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Short is a mechanic. Deshpande is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ganley is a model. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Diederich is a hairdresser. At the fundraiser, Deshpande, Diederich, Ganley, and Short ran into each other. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1610
Casperson is a labourer. Erdmann is a bus driver. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Schechter is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Lough is an optician. At the french class, Casperson, Schechter, Erdmann, and Lough met. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1611
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Budde is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Goodrich is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Geter is a carpenter. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Tow is a teacher. At the subway, Goodrich, Tow, Budde, and Geter ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sustainable. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1612
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Palacio is a plumber. Sergent is an optician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Carlile is a labourer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Veasey is a factory worker. At the trivia night, Sergent, Palacio, Carlile, and Veasey ran into each other. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1613
Mehaffey is a stocking associate. Shanley is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Cogdell is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Solberg is a labourer. At the charity car wash, Mehaffey, Shanley, Solberg, and Cogdell connected. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1614
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Kolodziej is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Crampton is a lifeguard. Tulloch is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Denlinger is a model. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the high intensity class, Tulloch, Denlinger, Crampton, and Kolodziej met. The class is extremely motivating. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1615
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Jenks is a stocking associate. Fortner is an accountant. Huffer is a labourer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Swink is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the rock climbing gym, Jenks, Swink, Fortner, and Huffer started a conversation. The gym is located in Yap in Taipei, China and is the world's biggest gymnasium of its kind. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1616
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fleischer is an optician. Mier is a traffic warden. Brawn is a nurse. Polston is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the bar, Fleischer, Brawn, Mier, and Polston connected. The other beverages served here are ok. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1617
Kersting is an accountant. Mulvey is a nurse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Amstutz is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Blunt is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the commuter bus, Kersting, Amstutz, Mulvey, and Blunt ran into each other. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1618
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Berthiaume is a dentist. Castellon is a nurse. Chauhan is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Pompa is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the concert, Castellon, Pompa, Berthiaume, and Chauhan met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1619
Paredes is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Buford is a dentist. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Tietz is an accountant. Kahan is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the charity car wash, Paredes, Tietz, Kahan, and Buford met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1620
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Nogueira is a labourer. Wanamaker is a hairdresser. Delorenzo is a model. Nivens is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the local talk, Delorenzo, Nivens, Wanamaker, and Nogueira ran into each other. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1621
Mccalister is an electrician. Engel is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Provencio is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Hoyos is a hairdresser. At the subway, Engel, Mccalister, Hoyos, and Provencio started a conversation. Public transports are eco-friendly. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1622
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Johns is a lifeguard. Ouyang is a factory worker. Anguiano is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Luoma is a newsreader. At the hotel, Anguiano, Ouyang, Johns, and Luoma started a conversation. The place is nice. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1623
Huitron is a carpenter. Gaitan is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Crittendon is a model. Hurlbert is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the dog park, Gaitan, Crittendon, Huitron, and Hurlbert ran into each other. On the south side, in the woods along the corner of St. Rose and West Broadway, a long wooden fence runs along a line of woods over a raised road. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1624
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gaitan is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bayless is a labourer. Moler is a nurse. Davila is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the charity car wash, Bayless, Davila, Gaitan, and Moler ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1625
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Pearcy is a traffic warden. Hudgens is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Sinha is an electrician. Woodworth is a plumber. At the french class, Sinha, Woodworth, Pearcy, and Hudgens started a conversation. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1626
Maslowski is a stocking associate. Foltz is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pires is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Maske is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the fundraiser, Pires, Maslowski, Foltz, and Maske met. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1627
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Forgey is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Frates is a carpenter. Suniga is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Cadogan is a chef. At the volunteer work, Suniga, Frates, Cadogan, and Forgey met. Charity organizations invite people from different backgrounds to come together and work for a common cause. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1628
Post is a stocking associate. Mazzone is a mechanic. Wester is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mccalister is a nurse. At the charity car wash, Post, Mccalister, Mazzone, and Wester started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1629
Cryer is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Kinslow is a model. Berglund is a dentist. Longfellow is a nurse. Berglund, Kinslow, Longfellow, and Cryer met at the music and art festival. It is open to the public. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1630
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dyer is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Strand is a nurse. Shriver is a bus driver. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bailon is an optician. At the charity car wash, Strand, Dyer, Bailon, and Shriver met. The event is still underway. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1631
Mccubbin is a stocking associate. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Claypool is a carpenter. Mcclaskey is a bus driver. Manigault is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the cooking class, Mccubbin, Manigault, Mcclaskey, and Claypool ran into each other. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1632
Stogsdill is an accountant. Pecora is a nurse. Esslinger is a chef. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Rudder is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the music festival, Esslinger, Pecora, Stogsdill, and Rudder started a conversation. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1633
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Becnel is a dentist. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Willey is a hairdresser. Barto is a bus driver. Weeks is an optician. At the food festival, Barto, Willey, Weeks, and Becnel connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1634
Liner is a chef. Betz is a factory worker. Saucier is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Caywood is an electrician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the open mic night, Caywood, Liner, Saucier, and Betz connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1635
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Letendre is a lecturer. Whitcomb is a teacher. Leddy is a labourer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Manis is a bus driver. At the alumni event, Whitcomb, Letendre, Manis, and Leddy connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1636
Raff is a bus driver. Farhat is a plumber. Pillai is a model. Pineda is a traffic warden. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the sports bar, Pillai, Pineda, Farhat, and Raff started a conversation. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1637
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Armstead is a newsreader. Kolb is a teacher. Andes is a mechanic. Loya is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Andes, Armstead, Loya, and Kolb met at the new year party. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1638
Dahlberg is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Powers is an accountant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mcginty is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Padden is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the dog park, Powers, Padden, Dahlberg, and Mcginty started a conversation. We have some nice white rabbits here too. Ze reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1639
Tibbetts is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Wold is a stocking associate. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Revis is a plumber. Wickersham is an electrician. At the market, Tibbetts, Wickersham, Revis, and Wold connected. The market is taking shape in Delhi's south to protect food crops from drought and drought - related diseases as the nation is fighting a deadly drought. He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1640
Glass is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bast is a plumber. Dumlao is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Lax is an accountant. At the local talk, Glass, Dumlao, Bast, and Lax ran into each other. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1641
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Wimbish is a stocking associate. Dietzel is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pando is a dentist. Khawaja is an electrician. At the social community gathering, Khawaja, Pando, Wimbish, and Dietzel ran into each other. The community is at a crossroads here. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1642
Chappel is a hairdresser. Mcgirt is an accountant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Rakes is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Cantu is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the beach, Rakes, Cantu, Mcgirt, and Chappel connected. The beach is full of birds. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1643
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Vanhorn is a hairdresser. Huitron is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Boyes is a stocking associate. Mee is an accountant. At the market, Mee, Boyes, Vanhorn, and Huitron met. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1644
Fowles is a mechanic. Boudreau is a hairdresser. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Woodhouse is a labourer. Hamman is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the local talk, Woodhouse, Fowles, Hamman, and Boudreau connected. It is open to the public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1645
Taranto is a stocking associate. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Heitzman is a teacher. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Helzer is a labourer. Mazzella is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the crossfit class, Helzer, Heitzman, Mazzella, and Taranto met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1646
Sowers is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Havel is a bus driver. Seiler is a dentist. Sherer is a lifeguard. At the new year party, Sherer, Sowers, Seiler, and Havel met. The party is now one of the most popular events of the summer season, with kids from all over the globe taking part in it. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1647
Gao is a lecturer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Brandel is a model. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Beeman is a chef. Leachman is a hairdresser. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the social community gathering, Leachman, Gao, Beeman, and Brandel started a conversation. The community is at a crossroads here. Ey reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1648
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cobble is a lifeguard. Gallucci is a traffic warden. Breneman is a model. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hack is a stocking associate. At the open mic night, Gallucci, Cobble, Breneman, and Hack ran into each other. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1649
Fenderson is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stubbs is an accountant. Bruder is a teacher. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Marron is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Stubbs, Bruder, Marron, and Fenderson met at the commuter bus. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1650
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gokey is a mechanic. Wagstaff is a dentist. Pfeifer is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Lemieux is an optician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the ski resort party, Pfeifer, Gokey, Wagstaff, and Lemieux ran into each other. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1651
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Walburn is a chef. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Adames is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Weiser is a mechanic. Creasy is a dentist. Weiser, Creasy, Walburn, and Adames met at the design expo. A lot of people participate in these events! She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1652
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Holmes is a newsreader. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Wada is a bus driver. Clothier is an optician. Decamp is a chef. Holmes, Wada, Decamp, and Clothier met at the subway. The public transport can move at all times without interruption. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1653
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Boudreau is an accountant. Harbert is a bus driver. Cueto is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Karnes is a teacher. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the hotel, Boudreau, Karnes, Harbert, and Cueto ran into each other. Here, people can find someone to become friends with. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1654
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Daddario is a labourer. Pulley is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Willems is a teacher. Mccart is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the beer making classes, Mccart, Pulley, Willems, and Daddario connected. The class is extremely motivating. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1655
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Crownover is a labourer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Geter is an electrician. Breneman is a newsreader. Mckenney is a carpenter. At the library, Geter, Mckenney, Breneman, and Crownover ran into each other. There are ways to find the great websites out there. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1656
Tang is a stocking associate. Speidel is a lecturer. Pinkney is a mechanic. Rein is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Pinkney, Rein, Speidel, and Tang met at the hotel. On weekend nights, this place is crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1657
Correll is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Eells is a plumber. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Engelmann is a lecturer. Asaro is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the high intensity class, Engelmann, Eells, Asaro, and Correll connected. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1658
Felder is a carpenter. Gillette is a chef. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Graczyk is a factory worker. Ferrin is a teacher. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the music festival, Felder, Ferrin, Graczyk, and Gillette ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1659
Segovia is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mccleskey is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Picazo is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Gabbert is a plumber. At the gallery opening event, Segovia, Mccleskey, Gabbert, and Picazo met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1660
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Owens is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Niswonger is a nurse. Glasscock is a lecturer. Culler is a lifeguard. At the high intensity class, Glasscock, Niswonger, Owens, and Culler ran into each other. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1661
Rein is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Buckner is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Cosper is an optician. Motz is an accountant. At the high intensity class, Motz, Rein, Cosper, and Buckner ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1662
Hinshaw is a dentist. Hecker is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mcadams is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Ensign is a labourer. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the volunteer work, Hecker, Mcadams, Hinshaw, and Ensign started a conversation. To participate, the participants must have a working record. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1663
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Borunda is a factory worker. Sizemore is a traffic warden. Hoar is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Schiffman is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the commuter bus, Sizemore, Borunda, Schiffman, and Hoar ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. Ze reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1664
Fowler is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Ratcliffe is a mechanic. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Askew is a lecturer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Elsayed is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the gallery opening event, Fowler, Elsayed, Ratcliffe, and Askew met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1665
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Broadhead is a mechanic. Kang is a carpenter. Acharya is a dentist. Fortner is a lifeguard. At the alumni event, Kang, Acharya, Fortner, and Broadhead ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1666
Clough is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hoisington is a chef. Rinaldi is a factory worker. Schoon is a lifeguard. At the music and art festival, Rinaldi, Hoisington, Schoon, and Clough connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1667
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mccleskey is an optician. Trost is a labourer. Minto is a stocking associate. Tarbox is a dentist. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the trivia night, Minto, Tarbox, Mccleskey, and Trost started a conversation. The event is still underway. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1668
Fuchs is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Whitely is an accountant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Carlile is a teacher. Smithers is a bus driver. At the yoga class, Whitely, Carlile, Smithers, and Fuchs met. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1669
Lowman is a nurse. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Olmsted is a newsreader. Applebaum is a plumber. Rutan is a bus driver. At the yoga class, Applebaum, Lowman, Olmsted, and Rutan connected. A yoga class helps live a happier life. He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1670
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Brehm is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Caswell is a mechanic. Gagnon is an optician. Classen is a newsreader. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the library, Brehm, Caswell, Gagnon, and Classen connected. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1671
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Moretz is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Carias is a plumber. Blomquist is a traffic warden. Mohn is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the library, Mohn, Moretz, Carias, and Blomquist started a conversation. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1672
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Rollings is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Asberry is a traffic warden. Mojica is a labourer. Exline is a newsreader. At the alumni event, Mojica, Rollings, Asberry, and Exline connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1673
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Andress is a factory worker. Kitts is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Cushing is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dupuis is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Kitts, Andress, Dupuis, and Cushing met at the dog park. The birds are wild and hungry! She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1674
Hibbert is a lecturer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lindow is a carpenter. Atkinson is a newsreader. Mcbean is a chef. At the concert, Atkinson, Hibbert, Mcbean, and Lindow met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1675
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mathena is a bus driver. Ferro is a hairdresser. Crater is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Casares is an electrician. At the beach, Ferro, Casares, Crater, and Mathena connected. The beach is filled with people. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1676
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Gros is a nurse. Click is a carpenter. Cabot is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Earp is an optician. At the power yoga class, Gros, Click, Earp, and Cabot connected. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1677
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Howley is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Jaques is a nurse. Bullard is a stocking associate. Gerstner is a model. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the subway, Jaques, Bullard, Gerstner, and Howley met. Public transports are easy to find. He told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1678
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Buhl is a stocking associate. Matuszak is a dentist. Beil is a teacher. Bachmeier is a plumber. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the rideshare, Matuszak, Buhl, Bachmeier, and Beil started a conversation. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1679
Mulloy is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Kersey is a plumber. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Tepper is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Crenshaw is a hairdresser. At the beer making classes, Mulloy, Tepper, Crenshaw, and Kersey ran into each other. It's a huge place! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1680
Wetter is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dye is a mechanic. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Suttles is a chef. Alvey is a traffic warden. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the cooking class, Dye, Suttles, Alvey, and Wetter started a conversation. The class has interesting sessions. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1681
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Buhl is a newsreader. Caraveo is a stocking associate. Lederer is a lecturer. Bruning is a bus driver. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the ski resort party, Caraveo, Lederer, Buhl, and Bruning connected. The party is the main venue for fans of each game against the Patriots, a fact known simply as "no - socks - to - the - wigs". He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1682
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Yerger is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Livengood is a carpenter. Jakes is a stocking associate. Rapp is a factory worker. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the design expo, Livengood, Rapp, Yerger, and Jakes met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1683
Vavra is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sikora is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Scala is a dentist. Sanabria is a nurse. At the charity car wash, Vavra, Sanabria, Sikora, and Scala connected. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1684
Hillyard is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Dingle is a mechanic. Sutphin is an electrician. Reavis is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the french class, Dingle, Reavis, Sutphin, and Hillyard connected. The class is fun! She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1685
Mitcham is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Riemer is a traffic warden. Forgey is a lifeguard. Benavente is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the rideshare, Benavente, Mitcham, Riemer, and Forgey started a conversation. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1686
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Woodworth is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Dragoo is a dentist. Correll is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Pucci is a newsreader. At the local talk, Woodworth, Dragoo, Pucci, and Correll connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1687
Hoskinson is a traffic warden. Evert is a dentist. Stabler is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Akhter is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Evert, Hoskinson, Stabler, and Akhter met at the music and art festival. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1688
Chakraborty is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Flatley is a carpenter. Tarbox is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Terrero is a lifeguard. At the social community gathering, Flatley, Tarbox, Chakraborty, and Terrero ran into each other. A variety of services, like the Community Safety Team, can be added to keep communities safe if they make the right decision in terms of safety. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1689
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Harrod is a plumber. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Hullinger is a nurse. Dunigan is a traffic warden. Cambridge is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the music festival, Hullinger, Harrod, Cambridge, and Dunigan connected. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1690
Zaleski is a dentist. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Hearne is an accountant. France is a teacher. Abell is a bus driver. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the music festival, France, Zaleski, Abell, and Hearne ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1691
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Moua is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Few is a model. Bowlin is an accountant. Sterrett is a dentist. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Few, Moua, Bowlin, and Sterrett met at the french class. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1692
Simpkins is a chef. Puffer is an accountant. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Cuba is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Kerstetter is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Puffer, Simpkins, Cuba, and Kerstetter met at the bar. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1693
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Shurtz is a teacher. Mcmath is a model. Culbertson is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Harbert is a plumber. At the beach, Culbertson, Mcmath, Shurtz, and Harbert met. The ocean is peaceful. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1694
Clavijo is a lecturer. Pickens is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bick is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Jumper is a carpenter. At the design expo, Jumper, Bick, Clavijo, and Pickens met. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1695
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Peay is a lifeguard. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Urbina is a carpenter. Brill is a teacher. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Kinard is a hairdresser. At the ski resort party, Urbina, Kinard, Brill, and Peay ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1696
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Crampton is a teacher. Kreitzer is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Byrns is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Hackler is an accountant. At the sports bar, Byrns, Kreitzer, Crampton, and Hackler started a conversation. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1697
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hartung is an accountant. Dockter is a teacher. Kahan is a traffic warden. Hartline is a lifeguard. At the sports bar, Hartline, Hartung, Dockter, and Kahan connected. The place was crowded. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1698
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Witter is a dentist. Bee is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Gudino is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Zick is an accountant. Zick, Gudino, Bee, and Witter met at the fundraiser. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1699
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Wadley is a carpenter. Contino is a newsreader. Belote is a mechanic. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Dunkin is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Wadley, Dunkin, Belote, and Contino met at the charity run. The game is very simple but with a lot of fun. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1700
Koo is an accountant. Teegarden is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Zanders is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Conklin is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the music and art festival, Conklin, Teegarden, Zanders, and Koo started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1701
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Bearden is a labourer. Baratta is a chef. Auger is a stocking associate. Armendariz is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Bearden, Auger, Baratta, and Armendariz met at the power yoga class. The yoga class lasts for as long as the participants like. He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1702
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Jorgensen is a teacher. Balch is a lecturer. Cho is an optician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Falcone is a chef. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Balch, Falcone, Cho, and Jorgensen met at the yoga class. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1703
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Eberly is a chef. Cypher is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hocutt is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Dinapoli is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the french class, Eberly, Cypher, Hocutt, and Dinapoli connected. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1704
Knoop is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Cahn is a traffic warden. Blackmore is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Edenfield is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Cahn, Blackmore, Knoop, and Edenfield met at the hotel. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. They told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1705
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Nightingale is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Caudell is a mechanic. Lachman is a chef. Hoard is a factory worker. At the trivia night, Hoard, Lachman, Caudell, and Nightingale started a conversation. It is open to the public. They told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1706
Wray is a traffic warden. Bramblett is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Allman is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Bruening is a nurse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the gallery opening event, Bramblett, Bruening, Wray, and Allman met. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1707
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Scates is an accountant. Castleberry is a model. Sechrist is a hairdresser. Trudel is a stocking associate. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the volunteer work, Scates, Sechrist, Trudel, and Castleberry ran into each other. In times of tragedy, volunteering helps communities. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1708
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Davalos is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mccloud is a stocking associate. Horvat is a bus driver. Barillas is a teacher. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the beer making classes, Davalos, Barillas, Mccloud, and Horvat met. This class has amazing outcomes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1709
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Center is a teacher. Cornette is a nurse. Dimmick is a chef. Gothard is a newsreader. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the new year party, Center, Dimmick, Gothard, and Cornette met. The party is free entry for everyone. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1710
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Eppler is a chef. Leachman is a hairdresser. Buhler is a mechanic. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Ressler is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the rock climbing gym, Ressler, Eppler, Leachman, and Buhler started a conversation. The gym is located on the southeast side of the campus, which runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily at Lenny's Club. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1711
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sickels is a carpenter. Hau is a model. Bair is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Gerlach is a dentist. Gerlach, Sickels, Hau, and Bair met at the fundraiser. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1712
Mcwhirter is a model. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Jorgensen is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Allender is a plumber. Bruning is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the concert, Jorgensen, Bruning, Mcwhirter, and Allender met. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1713
Wittman is a plumber. Kinsella is a teacher. Frakes is a newsreader. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Crivello is a traffic warden. At the public park, Wittman, Crivello, Kinsella, and Frakes ran into each other. The park has a park toilet as well! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1714
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Dickerson is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Roig is a lifeguard. Zellers is a stocking associate. Janik is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the commuter bus, Roig, Zellers, Dickerson, and Janik met. Public transportation is good for daily commutes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1715
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mendelson is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ortego is an accountant. Pascarella is an optician. Mcnichols is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the charity car wash, Mcnichols, Pascarella, Ortego, and Mendelson met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1716
Vankirk is a chef. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Donnellan is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Wallick is a nurse. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Brake is a carpenter. At the ski resort party, Donnellan, Brake, Vankirk, and Wallick met. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1717
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Bolds is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Whorton is a plumber. Suttle is a factory worker. Hauck is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Suttle, Whorton, Bolds, and Hauck met at the library. Book clubs help expand social circles. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1718
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Gillespie is a newsreader. Lawing is a nurse. Brame is an optician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Vanhook is a model. At the yoga class, Brame, Vanhook, Lawing, and Gillespie connected. During a yoga session, sometimes, people feel that the breathing is becoming more relaxed, and the movement a bit easier to perform. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1719
Noles is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Vasquez is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Walder is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Brandel is a traffic warden. At the ski resort party, Brandel, Walder, Noles, and Vasquez met. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1720
Gillis is a traffic warden. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Jansson is a teacher. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Borunda is an accountant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Couto is an optician. At the high intensity class, Jansson, Couto, Gillis, and Borunda met. It's a huge place! He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1721
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Gillon is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Manfredi is a teacher. Napoles is a factory worker. Zirkle is a traffic warden. Napoles, Zirkle, Gillon, and Manfredi met at the music festival. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1722
Corr is an accountant. Yopp is a carpenter. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Tibbetts is a hairdresser. Arbaugh is a labourer. At the market, Yopp, Arbaugh, Tibbetts, and Corr connected. The market is open to all genders and ages. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1723
Guarino is an electrician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hsieh is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Soltis is a chef. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Wilburn is an optician. At the ski resort party, Guarino, Soltis, Hsieh, and Wilburn connected. Everyone is invited to pick up their own table, sit a little closer and enjoy a glass of wine in a place that's less crowded than it is. She reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1724
Buffington is a teacher. Woodhouse is a labourer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Slusher is an optician. Raub is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the design expo, Buffington, Raub, Slusher, and Woodhouse connected. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1725
Bednarski is a bus driver. Nuccio is a stocking associate. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Seidl is a factory worker. Broadwell is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the high intensity class, Broadwell, Nuccio, Seidl, and Bednarski started a conversation. The class is fun! He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1726
Tow is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bunch is a model. Mcdole is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Clements is a teacher. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the rideshare, Tow, Bunch, Clements, and Mcdole ran into each other. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1727
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Sacks is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Wittrock is an optician. Gassaway is a stocking associate. Valenti is a lifeguard. At the alumni event, Sacks, Valenti, Wittrock, and Gassaway connected. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1728
Huang is a traffic warden. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mcdowell is a bus driver. Myhre is a nurse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Abrams is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the volunteer work, Abrams, Huang, Myhre, and Mcdowell ran into each other. Volunteering is fun, especially when one is part of a nice group. She told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1729
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Foutz is a dentist. Mcmillian is a bus driver. Seaborn is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Middlebrook is a labourer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the open mic night, Seaborn, Foutz, Mcmillian, and Middlebrook started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1730
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Raasch is a mechanic. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Adamo is a factory worker. Crossen is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Sperry is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the bar, Adamo, Raasch, Crossen, and Sperry met. The atmosphere was nice. He reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1731
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Heger is a mechanic. Yanes is a lifeguard. Flinn is a carpenter. Higa is a labourer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the power yoga class, Higa, Heger, Flinn, and Yanes started a conversation. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. They reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1732
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Farquharson is a model. Nakano is an optician. Higham is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Buffa is a factory worker. At the alumni event, Higham, Buffa, Farquharson, and Nakano met. It is open to the public. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1733
Duffie is a teacher. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Fincham is a mechanic. Egger is a stocking associate. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Orme is a lifeguard. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the trivia night, Egger, Duffie, Fincham, and Orme started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1734
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Wittrock is a model. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mizrahi is a plumber. Seibel is an accountant. Stigall is a stocking associate. Seibel, Wittrock, Stigall, and Mizrahi met at the social community gathering. The community is at a crossroads here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1735
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Silk is an electrician. Manansala is an optician. Diggins is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rubalcaba is a lifeguard. At the cooking class, Diggins, Manansala, Rubalcaba, and Silk started a conversation. The class has interesting sessions. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1736
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Rusch is a carpenter. Sheard is a labourer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mcgann is a plumber. Vanderhoff is a mechanic. At the subway, Sheard, Mcgann, Vanderhoff, and Rusch ran into each other. The original article stated that public transport had a fee. The public transport had free or reduced - cost parking. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1737
Hollen is an accountant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Memon is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Sizer is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Taing is a carpenter. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the trivia night, Sizer, Memon, Taing, and Hollen ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. Ze reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1738
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Teng is a newsreader. Wolters is a hairdresser. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Luce is a plumber. Lohse is a mechanic. Luce, Wolters, Teng, and Lohse met at the library. People interested in learning more can browse around the book club page or watch online video. They reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1739
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Carias is an accountant. Huskey is a labourer. Salaam is a plumber. Mcdow is a model. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Carias, Mcdow, Salaam, and Huskey met at the music and art festival. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1740
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kellerman is an electrician. Giancola is a labourer. Jumper is a nurse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Bester is a lecturer. At the charity car wash, Kellerman, Jumper, Giancola, and Bester connected. A lot of people participate in these events! He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1741
Garza is a traffic warden. Loveall is a lecturer. Hollinger is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Vanek is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Hollinger, Loveall, Garza, and Vanek met at the fundraiser. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! They told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1742
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Marmon is a factory worker. Waldorf is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Silvis is a traffic warden. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cuello is a labourer. At the library, Cuello, Waldorf, Marmon, and Silvis connected. Book clubs help expand social circles. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1743
Carlile is a model. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mayse is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Trivedi is a mechanic. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sereno is an electrician. At the yoga class, Mayse, Trivedi, Sereno, and Carlile ran into each other. People around begin chanting an action which takes about 5 - 10 minutes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1744
Mizrahi is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Dimatteo is a teacher. Stamand is a factory worker. Jarreau is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Dimatteo, Mizrahi, Stamand, and Jarreau met at the crossfit class. The class is fun! He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1745
Schreiner is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Curfman is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Kha is a dentist. Stoops is an electrician. Stoops, Schreiner, Kha, and Curfman met at the fundraiser. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1746
Capo is a carpenter. Jarboe is a chef. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Mishra is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Settle is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the beach, Capo, Jarboe, Settle, and Mishra met. The beach is so warm and so peaceful that one does not need to hide. He told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1747
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Kochan is a teacher. Villarruel is a carpenter. Baros is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Whitlock is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the crossfit class, Baros, Kochan, Villarruel, and Whitlock ran into each other. It's a huge place! She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1748
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lundberg is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wicklund is a hairdresser. Turcotte is a bus driver. Sergent is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the crossfit class, Turcotte, Lundberg, Sergent, and Wicklund connected. The class is fun! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1749
Claxton is a carpenter. Housman is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Archambault is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Rao is a plumber. Claxton, Archambault, Housman, and Rao met at the hotel. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1750
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Dittmer is a model. Knoop is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Frampton is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Vivar is a carpenter. At the cooking class, Frampton, Knoop, Vivar, and Dittmer started a conversation. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1751
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Buhr is a lecturer. Htoo is a mechanic. Hixson is a chef. Deberry is a hairdresser. At the design expo, Hixson, Deberry, Buhr, and Htoo ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1752
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Purifoy is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Kirchner is a factory worker. Larimore is a lifeguard. Bussell is a chef. At the trivia night, Larimore, Purifoy, Kirchner, and Bussell ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1753
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Plant is a bus driver. Lampkins is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Tadesse is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Vanwormer is a teacher. At the cooking class, Vanwormer, Lampkins, Plant, and Tadesse connected. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1754
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Seger is a nurse. Bowley is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Gobert is a plumber. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mccue is a lecturer. At the yoga class, Seger, Mccue, Gobert, and Bowley met. After the class, the participants may get a video lecture. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1755
Spurrier is a newsreader. Nurse is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Marron is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Felder is a labourer. At the cooking class, Nurse, Spurrier, Felder, and Marron started a conversation. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1756
Beamon is a teacher. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Difranco is a stocking associate. Macko is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Levenson is a newsreader. At the open mic night, Difranco, Beamon, Levenson, and Macko started a conversation. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1757
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Obert is a mechanic. Demoss is an electrician. Mankin is a model. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Lor is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the bar, Obert, Demoss, Lor, and Mankin met. The staff is attentive and friendly. It's nice that they had a nice view of the area. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1758
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Irizarry is a hairdresser. Antuna is a model. Lampley is a teacher. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Teer is a nurse. At the high intensity class, Irizarry, Antuna, Lampley, and Teer met. The class has interesting sessions. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1759
Meriwether is a model. Rollings is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Horvat is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Moshier is an optician. At the food festival, Meriwether, Horvat, Moshier, and Rollings ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1760
Mcgough is a chef. Walch is a traffic warden. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Marte is an accountant. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Wyss is a mechanic. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the public park, Wyss, Mcgough, Walch, and Marte started a conversation. The picnic area includes a great picnic table, as well as several picnic areas for more relaxing activities. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1761
Dant is a carpenter. Baham is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Liner is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Whang is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the charity car wash, Dant, Whang, Baham, and Liner connected. A lot of people participate in these events! She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1762
Elders is a plumber. Sano is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Cancel is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Barefield is a hairdresser. At the dog park, Sano, Cancel, Elders, and Barefield connected. The park is good. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1763
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Wininger is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Sigmon is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Barroso is a newsreader. Nuccio is a labourer. At the ski resort party, Barroso, Sigmon, Wininger, and Nuccio ran into each other. The party is going to be full. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1764
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Egger is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Larocca is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Baltz is a labourer. Prevost is a lifeguard. At the high intensity class, Egger, Baltz, Prevost, and Larocca ran into each other. The class is fun! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1765
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Peabody is a lifeguard. Furey is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Berkey is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Voigt is a factory worker. Furey, Voigt, Berkey, and Peabody met at the concert. This event is to help make the community a better place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1766
Scates is a lifeguard. Speight is a newsreader. Toth is a model. Badgley is a mechanic. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the bar, Speight, Badgley, Toth, and Scates connected. The atmosphere was nice. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1767
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Barba is a dentist. Eckler is a labourer. Seidman is a nurse. Goodyear is a hairdresser. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Eckler, Seidman, Goodyear, and Barba met at the open mic night. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1768
Wilburn is an accountant. Flakes is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Spinney is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Potvin is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the commuter bus, Flakes, Wilburn, Spinney, and Potvin connected. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1769
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mcnamara is a bus driver. Neubauer is an optician. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Garlick is a chef. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Huneycutt is a factory worker. At the crossfit class, Neubauer, Garlick, Mcnamara, and Huneycutt met. Classes have a special event called a "Shuffle Jam". He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1770
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Sisto is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Biel is an electrician. Jarboe is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Goodwyn is a lifeguard. Sisto, Goodwyn, Biel, and Jarboe met at the concert. It is open to the public. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1771
Benites is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mcbride is a model. Edenfield is a traffic warden. Vandermeer is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the social community gathering, Benites, Mcbride, Edenfield, and Vandermeer ran into each other. The service is what all the people have been working to do. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1772
Gunnels is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Crenshaw is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Ader is a carpenter. Gobert is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the sports bar, Gunnels, Crenshaw, Gobert, and Ader met. The service was great - it was only 90 $ for the coffee. Ey told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1773
Woolley is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Gent is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Kasprzak is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Vester is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Gent, Woolley, Vester, and Kasprzak met at the local talk. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1774
Barrs is a teacher. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bacher is an optician. Galarza is a model. Dubin is a plumber. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the charity run, Bacher, Barrs, Galarza, and Dubin met. The parking lot is beautiful and there are many restaurants available. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1775
Garciagarcia is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Tefft is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mcnear is a carpenter. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lippman is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the new year party, Garciagarcia, Mcnear, Lippman, and Tefft ran into each other. The party is filled with local and national celebrities and entertainers. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1776
Orrick is a newsreader. Clegg is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Kwak is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Barge is a teacher. At the food festival, Kwak, Orrick, Barge, and Clegg met. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1777
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Schutte is a stocking associate. Bose is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Harn is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Zazueta is a lecturer. At the beer making classes, Bose, Harn, Schutte, and Zazueta ran into each other. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. She reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1778
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Ambler is a labourer. Roten is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dewees is a hairdresser. Figueiredo is a carpenter. At the wedding, Dewees, Ambler, Figueiredo, and Roten connected. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. She reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1779
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Ogrady is a lecturer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Treadaway is a stocking associate. Bostick is a lifeguard. Kwiatkowski is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the concert, Kwiatkowski, Ogrady, Treadaway, and Bostick connected. A lot of people participate in these events! Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1780
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Chand is a factory worker. Schwan is a model. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Fleenor is a chef. Ting is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Chand, Fleenor, Ting, and Schwan met at the wedding. The event is still underway. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1781
Lundstrom is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Greenstein is an optician. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Radloff is a carpenter. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Frakes is a newsreader. At the music festival, Frakes, Radloff, Greenstein, and Lundstrom met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1782
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Jent is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Kemble is a mechanic. Haith is a traffic warden. Ou is a dentist. Haith, Kemble, Jent, and Ou met at the bar. There are a lot of vegetarian food options here. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1783
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Toohey is a lifeguard. Kaczynski is an electrician. Cazarez is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Brodersen is a plumber. At the design expo, Toohey, Kaczynski, Brodersen, and Cazarez connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1784
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Carney is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Whisman is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Hild is a teacher. Rolf is a bus driver. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the food festival, Hild, Whisman, Carney, and Rolf started a conversation. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1785
Diggs is a lecturer. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Diblasi is a dentist. Yazzie is a chef. Busick is a nurse. At the beach, Busick, Diggs, Diblasi, and Yazzie connected. The beach is open, with the main pier. It is only a few minutes drive north. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1786
Mccubbin is a traffic warden. Moen is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Stoneburner is a stocking associate. Wimbush is a newsreader. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the public park, Mccubbin, Moen, Stoneburner, and Wimbush met. The park is super crowded. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1787
Bartos is a newsreader. Boozer is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Biswas is a traffic warden. Munden is a factory worker. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the ski resort party, Munden, Bartos, Boozer, and Biswas ran into each other. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1788
Cossette is a stocking associate. Godbey is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Heras is a mechanic. Texeira is a plumber. At the open mic night, Cossette, Texeira, Heras, and Godbey connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He told anecdotes from a career of troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1789
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mannion is a labourer. Turbeville is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hunte is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Whitesides is a stocking associate. At the fundraiser, Turbeville, Hunte, Mannion, and Whitesides met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1790
Heaney is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Padgett is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Krebs is a model. Milby is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the dog park, Milby, Heaney, Padgett, and Krebs ran into each other. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1791
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Dames is a lecturer. Niemann is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Shivers is a carpenter. Hooker is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the crossfit class, Shivers, Niemann, Hooker, and Dames connected. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1792
Hayashi is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Smead is a labourer. Gatewood is a factory worker. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Boersma is an optician. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the sports bar, Smead, Hayashi, Boersma, and Gatewood ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1793
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Sano is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Palmateer is a traffic warden. Brenes is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Wen is a nurse. At the alumni event, Sano, Wen, Palmateer, and Brenes ran into each other. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1794
Martinsen is a nurse. Lehrer is a hairdresser. Knop is a carpenter. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mendelsohn is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the bar, Lehrer, Martinsen, Knop, and Mendelsohn started a conversation. The place is the first stop on the way to the park. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1795
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Howarth is a dentist. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mucha is an electrician. Militello is an accountant. Garwood is a carpenter. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the dog park, Militello, Mucha, Garwood, and Howarth ran into each other. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1796
Sechler is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Herr is an accountant. Deitz is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Goetz is a lecturer. At the library, Herr, Deitz, Goetz, and Sechler started a conversation. Book clubs are one of the coolest groups to be a part of. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1797
Merlo is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Spurlin is a model. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Seeber is a labourer. Keever is a hairdresser. Spurlin, Merlo, Seeber, and Keever met at the market. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1798
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Sanz is a traffic warden. Tocco is a stocking associate. Wolak is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Sova is an electrician. At the subway, Sova, Tocco, Wolak, and Sanz met. Public transports are easy to find. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1799
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Faught is a nurse. Rothenberger is a factory worker. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Grimmer is a bus driver. Blunt is a lecturer. At the yoga class, Blunt, Rothenberger, Faught, and Grimmer met. Yoga is the best solution to all the problems related to stress. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1800
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gelb is a hairdresser. Paynter is a model. Maupin is an electrician. Duval is a bus driver. At the fundraiser, Paynter, Gelb, Duval, and Maupin connected. The event is still underway. Ze told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1801
Poling is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Burdge is a chef. Suess is a dentist. Dhillon is a factory worker. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the concert, Poling, Suess, Burdge, and Dhillon met. A large number of people attend these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1802
Colbert is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Redford is an electrician. Zoller is a labourer. Broman is a bus driver. At the concert, Redford, Zoller, Broman, and Colbert connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1803
Middlebrook is a dentist. Scholten is a lecturer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hepburn is an optician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Hulse is a stocking associate. At the wedding, Hulse, Scholten, Hepburn, and Middlebrook ran into each other. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1804
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Eldred is a plumber. Wallick is a bus driver. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Mcclaskey is an accountant. Overbey is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the yoga class, Eldred, Mcclaskey, Wallick, and Overbey connected. The practice takes about twenty minutes, and it is also very active. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1805
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Merlo is a teacher. Breneman is a chef. Burden is a newsreader. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Overholt is an optician. Burden, Breneman, Merlo, and Overholt met at the rideshare. The subway and streetcar routes generally go through downtown, so it's possible at any time that people could be waiting on another group of people on a regular bus. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1806
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Dollar is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gormley is an accountant. Chichester is a factory worker. Westover is a bus driver. Chichester, Gormley, Dollar, and Westover met at the power yoga class. The yoga program provides support and encouragement. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1807
Meyers is a newsreader. Bonar is a traffic warden. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Handel is a dentist. Ditto is a factory worker. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Meyers, Ditto, Bonar, and Handel met at the rideshare. Each public bus will have a fixed schedule. He reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1808
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Eberly is a labourer. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Holbrooks is an accountant. Ferber is an electrician. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Htoo is a bus driver. Ferber, Htoo, Eberly, and Holbrooks met at the beach. The beach is much cleaner than the most popular beach of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1809
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Mcinnis is a model. Labarre is a stocking associate. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Hallberg is a lifeguard. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Henshaw is a nurse. Labarre, Mcinnis, Henshaw, and Hallberg met at the music and art festival. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1810
Utterback is a factory worker. Eastep is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Sterrett is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Valle is a teacher. At the charity car wash, Sterrett, Utterback, Eastep, and Valle ran into each other. Many of the events are very popular in the city. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1811
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Orth is a chef. Nickles is an optician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Springer is an accountant. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gravely is a labourer. At the gallery opening event, Nickles, Gravely, Springer, and Orth connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. Ze told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1812
Brame is an electrician. Horsman is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Lawhead is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Kinsella is a lecturer. Horsman, Kinsella, Brame, and Lawhead met at the power yoga class. It is helpful to break the ice and bring more calm back. He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1813
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Burrus is an optician. Gaw is an accountant. Coletti is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mojica is a bus driver. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the charity car wash, Coletti, Mojica, Gaw, and Burrus connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1814
Osgood is a carpenter. Guardado is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Spurr is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Mensch is a mechanic. At the yoga class, Guardado, Osgood, Spurr, and Mensch started a conversation. At this point, the participants must n't interrupt the activity. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1815
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Brickhouse is an electrician. Brame is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Stribling is a stocking associate. Harrelson is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the high intensity class, Stribling, Harrelson, Brickhouse, and Brame started a conversation. Classes teach new things every week. He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1816
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Monks is an accountant. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Eberle is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Ayres is a dentist. Bender is a newsreader. At the library, Bender, Monks, Eberle, and Ayres connected. Book clubs organize monthly meetings. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1817
Zagorski is a factory worker. Griebel is a dentist. Hammonds is a hairdresser. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Onate is a newsreader. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Onate, Griebel, Zagorski, and Hammonds met at the cooking class. Every class takes 7 to 13 minutes or more to become complete. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1818
Deemer is an optician. Tolbert is a factory worker. Woolley is an electrician. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Speller is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Tolbert, Deemer, Woolley, and Speller met at the power yoga class. The class discusses how to keep a correct composure for the next set of practice. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1819
Severns is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Vaz is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Tolman is a lecturer. Brasel is a mechanic. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the open mic night, Severns, Brasel, Vaz, and Tolman ran into each other. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1820
Ferron is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Mccormack is a model. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mixon is a lifeguard. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Spinney is a labourer. At the yoga class, Spinney, Mixon, Mccormack, and Ferron ran into each other. After 30 minutes of yoga practice, the participants walk out of the class, go to a restaurant and spend 10 minutes. They reflected on whether working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1821
Essex is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Concha is an electrician. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Froelich is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Schnitzer is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Froelich, Schnitzer, Essex, and Concha met at the french class. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She reflected on whether unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1822
Roye is a plumber. Disanto is an optician. Brathwaite is a traffic warden. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mccullen is a nurse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the subway, Disanto, Brathwaite, Mccullen, and Roye connected. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. They told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1823
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Jenks is an accountant. Boyden is a newsreader. Lafreniere is a bus driver. Atkinson is an electrician. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the french class, Boyden, Atkinson, Lafreniere, and Jenks ran into each other. All the group members have the freedom to get together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1824
Demby is a factory worker. Ketner is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Schillinger is a hairdresser. Suero is a dentist. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the beer making classes, Suero, Schillinger, Ketner, and Demby met. Classes are well organized. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1825
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Troxel is an optician. Hilliard is an electrician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Nims is a labourer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Summerlin is a teacher. At the high intensity class, Troxel, Nims, Hilliard, and Summerlin started a conversation. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1826
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Vrabel is a teacher. Topete is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Finnie is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Velarde is a stocking associate. Vrabel, Finnie, Velarde, and Topete met at the alumni event. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1827
Garciagarcia is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Vanorden is a stocking associate. Celis is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Edinger is a model. Garciagarcia, Edinger, Celis, and Vanorden met at the sports bar. The coffee tea is great. They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1828
Bhat is a teacher. Harger is a model. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Grays is an optician. Tabares is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the trivia night, Tabares, Grays, Harger, and Bhat ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1829
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sealey is a dentist. Heuser is a bus driver. Stump is a stocking associate. Arellano is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Arellano, Sealey, Stump, and Heuser met at the ski resort party. The party is at noon in the main hall of the building. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1830
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Arciga is an accountant. Towns is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Parenteau is a hairdresser. Beaulieu is a teacher. At the commuter bus, Beaulieu, Parenteau, Towns, and Arciga met. Public transports are affordable. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1831
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Stowers is a teacher. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Riedel is an accountant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Auxier is an optician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Skelley is a factory worker. At the crossfit class, Riedel, Auxier, Stowers, and Skelley started a conversation. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1832
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Mcadams is a stocking associate. Bills is a model. Holdsworth is a teacher. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Leininger is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mcadams, Holdsworth, Leininger, and Bills met at the beer making classes. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1833
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Bodine is a nurse. Poyner is a lifeguard. Hardwick is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Orellana is a stocking associate. At the rideshare, Bodine, Orellana, Poyner, and Hardwick connected. Public transports are affordable. He told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1834
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Simmons is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Wick is a carpenter. Dewar is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Caywood is a mechanic. At the open mic night, Caywood, Simmons, Wick, and Dewar met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. Ey reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1835
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Schweizer is a stocking associate. Smiley is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Dehn is a carpenter. Akhter is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Schweizer, Dehn, Smiley, and Akhter met at the hotel. The coffee cake is quite good. Ey reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1836
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Weir is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Buterbaugh is a traffic warden. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Jarrard is a chef. Gibbs is a dentist. At the design expo, Jarrard, Gibbs, Weir, and Buterbaugh ran into each other. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1837
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sao is a hairdresser. Guardado is a chef. Pippins is an accountant. Carr is a labourer. At the library, Pippins, Sao, Guardado, and Carr ran into each other. In one case, some people would like to have friends with a friend or find them on a different social media. She reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1838
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Timberlake is a factory worker. Heger is a hairdresser. Scholes is an optician. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kirsch is a plumber. At the fundraiser, Timberlake, Heger, Scholes, and Kirsch ran into each other. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1839
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Baginski is a plumber. Weisman is a factory worker. Swint is an optician. Hollman is a mechanic. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the alumni event, Swint, Weisman, Baginski, and Hollman started a conversation. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1840
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Aparicio is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Grillo is a traffic warden. Weir is a dentist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Lacasse is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the french class, Grillo, Aparicio, Weir, and Lacasse ran into each other. This class has amazing outcomes. He told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1841
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Conforti is a labourer. Lenahan is a factory worker. Mccorkle is a stocking associate. Hom is a traffic warden. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the rideshare, Hom, Lenahan, Mccorkle, and Conforti ran into each other. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1842
Fetty is a bus driver. Moen is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Go is a chef. Zepeda is a lifeguard. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. At the trivia night, Moen, Go, Zepeda, and Fetty ran into each other. The event is free and open to all people. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1843
Gantt is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Peachey is a factory worker. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Veach is a teacher. Loya is a traffic warden. At the sports bar, Veach, Loya, Peachey, and Gantt ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1844
Mengel is a traffic warden. Janke is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Longino is a teacher. Kujawa is an optician. Longino, Kujawa, Janke, and Mengel met at the music and art festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1845
Dewees is a newsreader. Grimaldo is a plumber. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Buie is a labourer. Covert is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the public park, Covert, Buie, Grimaldo, and Dewees started a conversation. The park is a closed parking lot and a playground. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1846
Geer is a lifeguard. Honig is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Murdoch is a teacher. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Bickett is a bus driver. At the high intensity class, Honig, Bickett, Murdoch, and Geer ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1847
The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Dakin is a bus driver. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Schuessler is a stocking associate. Naugle is a chef. Kuhlmann is a teacher. At the trivia night, Kuhlmann, Dakin, Naugle, and Schuessler started a conversation. This is a very busy and demanding schedule for the members of the community. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1848
Winsor is a hairdresser. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Engels is a plumber. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Griebel is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Girouard is a teacher. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Engels, Griebel, Winsor, and Girouard met at the alumni event. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1849
Broom is a traffic warden. Engelbrecht is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mcneese is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Boulay is an accountant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. At the charity run, Mcneese, Broom, Boulay, and Engelbrecht started a conversation. The game can be interesting. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1850
Salvo is an accountant. Ladd is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Gallman is an optician. Dalke is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Salvo, Ladd, Dalke, and Gallman met at the bar. The drinks are served on time. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1851
Jardine is a hairdresser. Prokop is a mechanic. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Naranjo is an optician. Laxton is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Prokop, Laxton, Naranjo, and Jardine met at the beer making classes. Classes are well organized. Ze reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1852
Kass is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Smithers is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Barone is a lifeguard. Scates is a newsreader. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the hotel, Kass, Scates, Smithers, and Barone met. The spot is located just a short walk away from the main park. He reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1853
Hinkle is a lecturer. Vankirk is a chef. Downer is a newsreader. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Flanders is an optician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the wedding, Flanders, Hinkle, Vankirk, and Downer ran into each other. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1854
Enright is a chef. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rominger is a lifeguard. Apgar is an optician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Kincer is a plumber. Kincer, Rominger, Apgar, and Enright met at the market. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1855
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Hartwig is a hairdresser. Aparicio is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Leal is a stocking associate. Dostal is a bus driver. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. At the design expo, Dostal, Hartwig, Leal, and Aparicio connected. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1856
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Riddle is a newsreader. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Towler is a chef. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Guise is a labourer. Buterbaugh is a mechanic. Riddle, Guise, Towler, and Buterbaugh met at the yoga class. Yoga starts with a sit - down pose and then gives a few minutes of relaxation and then returns later to more complicated exercises. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1857
Maday is a lifeguard. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Catlett is a stocking associate. Chupp is a lecturer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Lawyer is an optician. At the beach, Lawyer, Catlett, Chupp, and Maday started a conversation. The beach is just right, the ocean is n't too big, people and the sun are always just right. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1858
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gines is a model. Hickox is a plumber. Godbold is a teacher. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Simonelli is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the wedding, Gines, Hickox, Godbold, and Simonelli started a conversation. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. They reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1859
Mcewan is a lecturer. Banda is a dentist. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Petry is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Hulse is a nurse. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the beer making classes, Petry, Mcewan, Banda, and Hulse started a conversation. The classes sometimes have "class" games. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1860
Lazo is a teacher. Holdren is a carpenter. Walther is a model. Benavidez is a lecturer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the sports bar, Lazo, Benavidez, Walther, and Holdren met. Located in the middle of a very busy area like the city, the surrounding street is quiet and peaceful. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1861
Ponton is a chef. Scheuerman is a newsreader. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Bibb is a lifeguard. Lebaron is a bus driver. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the wedding, Ponton, Scheuerman, Lebaron, and Bibb connected. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. They told anecdotes from a career of preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1862
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Banegas is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Carmack is a chef. Schiffman is a mechanic. Agudelo is a labourer. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the charity run, Agudelo, Banegas, Carmack, and Schiffman ran into each other. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1863
Shobe is an electrician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Elswick is a labourer. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Pearsall is a lifeguard. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Geddes is a nurse. At the cooking class, Shobe, Pearsall, Elswick, and Geddes connected. The class requires the students to read and comprehend the course material and understand the various topics. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1864
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Bustos is a teacher. Manke is a chef. Mccausland is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Voll is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the rock climbing gym, Bustos, Voll, Mccausland, and Manke connected. The gym is designed to cater to the high end needs of the person. He told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1865
Mounts is a dentist. Rolf is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Banuelos is a model. Sadowski is a bus driver. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the wedding, Mounts, Rolf, Banuelos, and Sadowski connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1866
Rowell is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Colindres is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Hillman is a chef. Stage is a lifeguard. At the subway, Stage, Hillman, Rowell, and Colindres connected. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1867
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Moravec is a carpenter. Lucke is a dentist. Holdren is a teacher. Claypool is a lifeguard. At the food festival, Moravec, Claypool, Holdren, and Lucke met. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1868
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Ju is an accountant. Glatt is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Thornley is a dentist. Vandemark is a lifeguard. At the hotel, Thornley, Ju, Vandemark, and Glatt connected. It is a quiet spot to hang out, it would definitely leave people satisfied. They reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1869
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Relyea is a bus driver. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Heimbach is a hairdresser. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Harkleroad is a lifeguard. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Harn is an electrician. At the volunteer work, Harn, Relyea, Heimbach, and Harkleroad connected. Volunteering brings peace and happiness. Ey reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1870
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Kushner is an electrician. Fein is a bus driver. Henriksen is a stocking associate. Strader is a labourer. Kushner, Henriksen, Fein, and Strader met at the concert. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1871
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Fluker is a newsreader. Jellison is a nurse. Fitts is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Helsel is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the rideshare, Helsel, Fluker, Fitts, and Jellison ran into each other. Many routes and public lanes will see changes and closures within the next year. They told anecdotes from a career of helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1872
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Schrock is a labourer. Strope is a chef. Drane is a plumber. Huckins is a model. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the social community gathering, Schrock, Huckins, Strope, and Drane started a conversation. We all live our lives trying to feed each other and the community. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1873
Romer is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Severns is a traffic warden. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vass is a chef. Mcclintic is a dentist. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Severns, Mcclintic, Vass, and Romer met at the subway. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1874
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Hixson is a lifeguard. Savarese is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Maysonet is a traffic warden. Wray is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the market, Wray, Hixson, Savarese, and Maysonet met. The market is a place where people come and pick and choose and carry goods for family and friends. He reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1875
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Schiavo is an accountant. Labarre is a newsreader. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Memon is a traffic warden. Gilmartin is a dentist. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. At the ski resort party, Schiavo, Labarre, Gilmartin, and Memon ran into each other. The party is the best place to see the first of the season after winning the last four and getting to watch all six for the same reason. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1876
Fortner is a chef. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hickok is a lifeguard. Rutledge is a labourer. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Haughton is a plumber. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the rock climbing gym, Rutledge, Haughton, Fortner, and Hickok met. It's a small and fun place. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1877
Caruthers is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Rioux is a chef. Fulgham is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Tutor is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the new year party, Rioux, Tutor, Fulgham, and Caruthers connected. The party is designed to be an enjoyable party, but not all will enjoy the view. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1878
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Obanion is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Condon is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Caffey is an electrician. Mcwilliams is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the subway, Caffey, Condon, Obanion, and Mcwilliams ran into each other. The public buses come equipped with the same service options as trains. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1879
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Astudillo is a factory worker. Monti is a nurse. Subia is a carpenter. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Brouwer is a model. Monti, Brouwer, Astudillo, and Subia met at the rock climbing gym. People can really make a lasting impression off each other at the gym! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1880
Belz is a hairdresser. Snively is an electrician. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Sterns is a chef. Brazier is a dentist. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Brazier, Snively, Sterns, and Belz met at the commuter bus. The public buses are comfortable to ride. He reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1881
Juneau is a newsreader. Chavarria is a chef. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Truss is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Kuhlmann is an optician. At the subway, Kuhlmann, Truss, Juneau, and Chavarria ran into each other. With no trains or subway service, buses are not public. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1882
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Thiele is a lecturer. Owsley is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Rioux is a newsreader. Desir is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the new year party, Thiele, Rioux, Desir, and Owsley started a conversation. The party is going to be full. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1883
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Kimbro is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Domenech is a traffic warden. Trotta is an accountant. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Delvillar is a newsreader. Domenech, Kimbro, Delvillar, and Trotta met at the music festival. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether reading and reporting the news on television for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1884
Eastburn is a lifeguard. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Htoo is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Faught is a mechanic. Trost is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the sports bar, Trost, Eastburn, Htoo, and Faught ran into each other. One of the few spots for everyone. He reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1885
Swink is a hairdresser. Garduno is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ortego is a plumber. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Forsyth is an electrician. At the library, Swink, Forsyth, Ortego, and Garduno ran into each other. One can get started with reading here in many ways! He reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1886
Fleischer is a chef. Heaney is a bus driver. Antley is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Dahlke is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the volunteer work, Fleischer, Dahlke, Antley, and Heaney met. Volunteering also takes energy to work together to improve the health, environment, and economic well - being of our country. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1887
Selle is a traffic warden. Elms is an accountant. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Goetz is a lifeguard. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Luoma is a lecturer. At the dog park, Selle, Goetz, Luoma, and Elms ran into each other. The water is very good and clean. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1888
Ganley is an electrician. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hesser is a mechanic. Winders is a lecturer. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Glass is a newsreader. At the public park, Winders, Glass, Ganley, and Hesser connected. The dogs here are lovely. Ey reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1889
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Menzies is an accountant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Zubia is a newsreader. Bingaman is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Willems is a plumber. At the design expo, Bingaman, Willems, Menzies, and Zubia started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1890
Bevis is a factory worker. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Forst is a traffic warden. Hendley is a plumber. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bussard is a newsreader. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the yoga class, Bussard, Bevis, Hendley, and Forst connected. In the yoga class, most of the time one will need to take time doing many poses. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1891
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Gonsales is a carpenter. Goines is a lecturer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Strode is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Fukuda is a plumber. At the hotel, Gonsales, Strode, Fukuda, and Goines met. This place is in great shape, there are so many people here all enjoying their day and drinking the whole time. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1892
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Ladwig is a traffic warden. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Bonilla is a dentist. Minnick is a factory worker. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Crouse is a carpenter. Ladwig, Minnick, Bonilla, and Crouse met at the design expo. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1893
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Henrickson is a lifeguard. Steinberger is a stocking associate. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Duhart is an optician. Petitt is a plumber. At the local talk, Henrickson, Steinberger, Petitt, and Duhart started a conversation. These events and events help the local community become more active, and the whole community grows through these programs. He told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1894
Mascaro is a lifeguard. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Balch is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Cogdill is a plumber. Burgin is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the food festival, Balch, Burgin, Mascaro, and Cogdill met. The event is held at 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the Marriott Downtown Hotel in the Marriott Hotel. Admission is Free. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1895
Walch is a factory worker. Kind is an electrician. Crossman is a model. Mair is an optician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the trivia night, Kind, Crossman, Mair, and Walch connected. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1896
Cordon is a labourer. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Mcdonagh is a carpenter. Clarkson is an electrician. Lynd is a dentist. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the dog park, Lynd, Mcdonagh, Clarkson, and Cordon ran into each other. The park looks nice. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1897
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Creedon is a dentist. Beaudoin is a carpenter. Spath is a lecturer. Jorgensen is a model. At the crossfit class, Jorgensen, Spath, Beaudoin, and Creedon ran into each other. The class is extremely motivating. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1898
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Rutan is a model. Kahler is an electrician. Guice is a nurse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Buker is a newsreader. Kahler, Buker, Rutan, and Guice met at the new year party. The party is a "pony - house holiday" in which young people celebrate together by eating chocolate and drinking champagne at the same time. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1899
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Bewley is an electrician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Soni is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Vetter is a chef. Chittum is a teacher. At the local talk, Chittum, Soni, Vetter, and Bewley met. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. She reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1900
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Hollen is an electrician. Bellino is a factory worker. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Ackley is an accountant. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Mckinstry is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. At the music and art festival, Ackley, Hollen, Bellino, and Mckinstry met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1901
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Collis is a dentist. Covarrubias is an optician. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Bacchus is a hairdresser. Lung is a mechanic. Covarrubias, Bacchus, Lung, and Collis met at the wedding. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1902
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Yanes is a dentist. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Belz is a bus driver. Giguere is a teacher. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Trivette is a factory worker. Belz, Trivette, Yanes, and Giguere met at the music and art festival. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. She told anecdotes from a career of working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1903
Mccue is a lifeguard. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Toledo is a dentist. Sergent is a traffic warden. Mcalexander is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the wedding, Mccue, Mcalexander, Sergent, and Toledo started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1904
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Davila is a dentist. Armour is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Glascock is an optician. Acree is a newsreader. At the rideshare, Davila, Acree, Armour, and Glascock ran into each other. The map shows the transportation by road; this version indicates that if people travel by road, public transport is free. He told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1905
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Laycock is a dentist. Cress is a model. Figaro is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bussiere is a newsreader. At the library, Laycock, Cress, Figaro, and Bussiere started a conversation. Book clubs help expand social circles. She reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1906
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Brackman is a nurse. Rohrer is an accountant. Aslam is a factory worker. Thill is a mechanic. At the sports bar, Aslam, Rohrer, Thill, and Brackman met. The food here has some of the best food in the city. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1907
Boyington is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Benavidez is a dentist. Sholar is a labourer. Rasberry is a chef. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the commuter bus, Boyington, Rasberry, Sholar, and Benavidez connected. Public transports are affordable. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1908
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Moultrie is a factory worker. Games is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lopezgarcia is a lecturer. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Mahn is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the cooking class, Moultrie, Mahn, Lopezgarcia, and Games started a conversation. Classes use tasks which are very common and have multiple modules. She reflected on whether giving lectures in a university for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1909
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Steinhauer is an optician. Lipton is an electrician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Byer is a stocking associate. Claycomb is a teacher. At the cooking class, Steinhauer, Byer, Claycomb, and Lipton met. The classes usually begin before work. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1910
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Soucy is an accountant. Cronin is a lifeguard. Partee is a hairdresser. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Rambo is a nurse. At the gallery opening event, Cronin, Rambo, Soucy, and Partee connected. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. They told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1911
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Grieco is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Downer is a dentist. Palmieri is a carpenter. Hellman is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the charity run, Hellman, Palmieri, Downer, and Grieco ran into each other. A lot of cool stuff and places to look for interesting artifacts and stuff nearby. She told anecdotes from a career of fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1912
Mucha is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Simmers is a carpenter. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Abundis is a lifeguard. Styer is a dentist. At the design expo, Mucha, Styer, Simmers, and Abundis ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1913
Ferber is an optician. Mee is a traffic warden. Rabago is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Moorer is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the alumni event, Moorer, Rabago, Ferber, and Mee connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1914
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Giancola is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Merola is a dentist. Aguillon is a chef. Busse is a teacher. Merola, Busse, Giancola, and Aguillon met at the volunteer work. The service offers a variety of community events and volunteer opportunities. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1915
Mccollom is a traffic warden. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Willey is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Lafortune is a plumber. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Cho is a bus driver. At the trivia night, Willey, Mccollom, Lafortune, and Cho started a conversation. It is being held to commemorate the 70's and 80's people. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1916
Snedeker is a mechanic. Bonacci is a lecturer. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Desantiago is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Koonce is a stocking associate. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the subway, Koonce, Desantiago, Snedeker, and Bonacci started a conversation. Public transports are affordable. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1917
The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Rincon is a hairdresser. Farber is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Zapien is a traffic warden. Mailloux is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the concert, Zapien, Farber, Mailloux, and Rincon connected. The event is free and open to all people. He reflected on whether patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1918
Kothari is an optician. Granado is a hairdresser. Balk is a bus driver. Cover is a dentist. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Balk, Granado, Cover, and Kothari met at the trivia night. Many of the events are very popular in the city. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work fixing and treating problems with teeth.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1919
Foos is a labourer. Krick is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Congdon is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Dahlquist is a nurse. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the high intensity class, Krick, Congdon, Foos, and Dahlquist met. The class has interesting sessions. She told anecdotes from a career of patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1920
The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Demeter is an electrician. Rogowski is a dentist. Hutto is a chef. Ashworth is a bus driver. Hutto, Rogowski, Ashworth, and Demeter met at the charity run. In the past year the whole city has been excited about this place. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1921
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Warnock is a lifeguard. Vitela is an electrician. Hegarty is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Jarboe is a nurse. At the charity run, Hegarty, Warnock, Vitela, and Jarboe started a conversation. It is fun to play here. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1922
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Shick is a nurse. Rusch is a stocking associate. Lauderdale is a plumber. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Griffey is a factory worker. At the subway, Rusch, Lauderdale, Griffey, and Shick ran into each other. Public transports are safe and comfortable and provide transportation for all. She reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1923
Moores is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Koo is a nurse. Lawler is an electrician. Shifflett is a stocking associate. At the crossfit class, Lawler, Moores, Shifflett, and Koo started a conversation. It's a huge place! She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1924
Gow is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dinardo is a chef. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Loftin is a plumber. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Bohn is a model. At the library, Bohn, Gow, Dinardo, and Loftin connected. There, one can read at least three books before, or one book in between to find out what's going on together. She told anecdotes from a career of working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1925
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Orgeron is a factory worker. Fusco is a teacher. Constable is a bus driver. Viator is a dentist. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Fusco, Constable, Viator, and Orgeron met at the rock climbing gym. The gym is also a great way to get to know each other. He reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1926
Henrickson is a teacher. Nevarez is an optician. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Epley is a mechanic. Muniz is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the market, Nevarez, Epley, Henrickson, and Muniz connected. The market is flooded with money from European Union states, but it has been almost half, or 40 percent, of the total economy, according to data released last week by IFS. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1927
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Pigeon is a lecturer. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Dixson is a traffic warden. Hargraves is a hairdresser. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Ponton is a chef. Dixson, Pigeon, Ponton, and Hargraves met at the sports bar. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1928
Gumbs is a labourer. Goins is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Astudillo is a nurse. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Domingues is a lecturer. At the music festival, Goins, Gumbs, Astudillo, and Domingues ran into each other. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. Ze reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1929
Shriver is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Strunk is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Doherty is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Vancil is a chef. At the social community gathering, Doherty, Shriver, Vancil, and Strunk ran into each other. We have to work together through different platforms. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1930
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mccormack is a newsreader. Reveles is a factory worker. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Bowerman is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Borg is a chef. At the ski resort party, Borg, Mccormack, Reveles, and Bowerman connected. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work preparing food for others in a restaurant.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1931
Murry is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hom is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Crampton is a lecturer. Waits is a newsreader. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the rideshare, Hom, Crampton, Waits, and Murry met. The government updated the first error in fares but a second mistake appears in the original version that said free. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1932
Hash is an accountant. Deltoro is a hairdresser. Word is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Jenks is a nurse. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the beer making classes, Jenks, Hash, Deltoro, and Word met. A new class starts with a fun and unique theme! She told anecdotes from a career of working with the money and accounts of a company.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1933
Durrett is a bus driver. Viviano is a chef. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Ferri is a plumber. Sisto is a factory worker. At the fundraiser, Viviano, Durrett, Ferri, and Sisto ran into each other. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. They reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1934
Ruffner is a model. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Bealer is a factory worker. Sterrett is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Chaffin is a teacher. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the cooking class, Bealer, Ruffner, Sterrett, and Chaffin connected. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1935
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Riffe is a lecturer. Moua is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Demoss is an electrician. Treacy is a nurse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the music festival, Treacy, Riffe, Demoss, and Moua started a conversation. A lot of people are always talking and eating together. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1936
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Shults is a hairdresser. Funderburk is a chef. Balke is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Reiber is a labourer. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the public park, Funderburk, Shults, Balke, and Reiber ran into each other. All the flowers in the park are so nice. She reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1937
Elswick is a model. Bowlin is a teacher. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Yerger is a nurse. Lorenzen is an electrician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the commuter bus, Lorenzen, Yerger, Bowlin, and Elswick ran into each other. Public transport is environmentally sensitive. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1938
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Creel is a mechanic. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Buitrago is a traffic warden. Mcelrath is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Rosenberry is a hairdresser. At the beer making classes, Mcelrath, Buitrago, Rosenberry, and Creel ran into each other. It is easy to find and enjoy the classes. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1939
Lehrer is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Mulvey is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Fite is a model. Candler is a chef. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the library, Candler, Mulvey, Fite, and Lehrer ran into each other. Just show up, book on the night, talk or do the next talk. They reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1940
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Mcferrin is a mechanic. Sepulveda is a lifeguard. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Kirchner is a factory worker. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Schoon is an optician. At the charity run, Sepulveda, Kirchner, Mcferrin, and Schoon started a conversation. The weather is nice for games today. Ey reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1941
Brosnan is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Hannum is a traffic warden. Tremblay is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Coonrod is a chef. At the local talk, Coonrod, Hannum, Tremblay, and Brosnan started a conversation. A large number of people attend these events. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1942
Mintz is an electrician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Seibel is a mechanic. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Pinales is a lifeguard. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Hagopian is a nurse. At the bar, Hagopian, Pinales, Mintz, and Seibel ran into each other. The beer is excellent. She told anecdotes from a career of working with electric circuits.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1943
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Coles is a newsreader. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Schechter is a carpenter. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Kea is a mechanic. Schumann is a dentist. At the trivia night, Coles, Kea, Schumann, and Schechter met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. She told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1944
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Bruni is a model. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Dupont is a labourer. Demartino is a stocking associate. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Furlow is a lifeguard. At the alumni event, Furlow, Demartino, Dupont, and Bruni met. This event is to help make the community a better place. He reflected on whether working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1945
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Font is a lecturer. Shetty is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Shank is a teacher. Stucky is a model. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the ski resort party, Shetty, Stucky, Font, and Shank started a conversation. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1946
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Devitt is a stocking associate. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Guilford is a model. Legendre is an optician. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Carillo is a newsreader. At the sports bar, Legendre, Carillo, Devitt, and Guilford met. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1947
Arciniega is a teacher. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Fowlkes is a plumber. Daza is a carpenter. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Nagel is an accountant. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. At the design expo, Arciniega, Daza, Nagel, and Fowlkes met. The event is being held on Friday, July 8, 2018 at Mott Center. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1948
Lundberg is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Amato is a nurse. Bonilla is a hairdresser. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Schuett is a dentist. At the french class, Bonilla, Schuett, Amato, and Lundberg met. All the group members have the freedom to get together. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1949
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Monje is a dentist. Leake is a teacher. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Neto is a traffic warden. Diggs is a stocking associate. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Monje, Diggs, Neto, and Leake met at the alumni event. It has been said that all the different cultural events can be fun! They told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1950
Recio is a lifeguard. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Eichhorn is a stocking associate. Mederos is an optician. Alcocer is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the gallery opening event, Alcocer, Mederos, Recio, and Eichhorn ran into each other. There is also a very high rate of volunteerism in the events. He reflected on whether cutting hair and giving it a new style for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1951
The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Buscemi is a chef. Furst is an electrician. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Kersey is an optician. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Creel is a labourer. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the french class, Furst, Creel, Kersey, and Buscemi connected. This class has amazing outcomes. He reflected on whether checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1952
Whitlow is a bus driver. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Killen is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Sliger is a dentist. Spitzer is a lecturer. At the music festival, Killen, Sliger, Whitlow, and Spitzer started a conversation. It is a very informal and there is no money to spend on these events. She told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1953
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Last is an electrician. Ceron is a lecturer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Skipper is a newsreader. Sze is a model. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the commuter bus, Ceron, Sze, Skipper, and Last ran into each other. Please note that some buses in the park are only available to people who are at least 18 years. She told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1954
Villacorta is a stocking associate. Vanek is an accountant. Mehl is a plumber. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mccombs is a dentist. At the volunteer work, Mccombs, Vanek, Villacorta, and Mehl started a conversation. People may not be able to spend time volunteering all the time. Ey told anecdotes from a career of repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1955
Helm is a teacher. Jarrard is a newsreader. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Mccue is a hairdresser. Westerman is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the music festival, Mccue, Jarrard, Helm, and Westerman connected. The event is free and open to all people. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1956
Hinshaw is a hairdresser. Leonetti is a plumber. Brunet is a traffic warden. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Ehler is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Hinshaw, Ehler, Brunet, and Leonetti met at the market. The markets are one of the favorite venues in town. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1957
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Haynes is a lifeguard. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Gillis is a traffic warden. Ebanks is a nurse. Krout is a model. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Gillis, Haynes, Krout, and Ebanks met at the fundraiser. Festivals are normally conducted as cultural events. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1958
The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Tun is an electrician. Perdomo is a labourer. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Seibold is a bus driver. Robb is a newsreader. At the public park, Tun, Perdomo, Robb, and Seibold met. The park looks nice. They were relieved to unwind after a long day at work reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1959
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Puerta is a plumber. Killen is an accountant. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Byrnes is a lifeguard. Huot is an optician. At the subway, Puerta, Huot, Killen, and Byrnes started a conversation. Public transportation also includes safe - weather service. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1960
The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Majka is a lecturer. Umanzor is a newsreader. Mckain is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Fagan is an electrician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the cooking class, Mckain, Fagan, Majka, and Umanzor started a conversation. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! They told anecdotes from a career of reading and reporting the news on television.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1961
Cassel is a traffic warden. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Garey is a stocking associate. Hern is an electrician. Rivet is a mechanic. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the beach, Garey, Hern, Cassel, and Rivet ran into each other. The beach is filled with people. She reflected on whether troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1962
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mcdonnell is an accountant. Heslop is a lifeguard. Hallford is a lecturer. Cloer is a stocking associate. At the fundraiser, Mcdonnell, Heslop, Cloer, and Hallford met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1963
Stetler is a traffic warden. Farrier is a carpenter. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Helmick is a model. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Brott is a bus driver. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the library, Brott, Farrier, Helmick, and Stetler met. Book clubs organize discussions on specific books. He told anecdotes from a career of driving buses.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1964
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Stocker is a lecturer. Bonham is an optician. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Lacasse is a teacher. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. Capasso is an electrician. Bonham, Capasso, Stocker, and Lacasse met at the alumni event. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1965
The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Alatorre is a nurse. Hatchett is a factory worker. Schley is a mechanic. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Hohn is an optician. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the alumni event, Hohn, Hatchett, Schley, and Alatorre met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. They reflected on whether helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1966
Murchison is a chef. Mcardle is a dentist. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Derosa is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Wojtowicz is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the design expo, Murchison, Mcardle, Wojtowicz, and Derosa started a conversation. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. She told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1967
The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Ethier is a stocking associate. Mccutcheon is an electrician. Eilers is a newsreader. Orgeron is a plumber. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. At the fundraiser, Eilers, Mccutcheon, Ethier, and Orgeron connected. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He reflected on whether working with electric circuits for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1968
Munos is a bus driver. Roloff is a lifeguard. Lipka is a model. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Purtell is a hairdresser. Purtell, Munos, Lipka, and Roloff met at the high intensity class. Classes often contain people that know how to the technology to access it. He told anecdotes from a career of cutting hair and giving it a new style.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1969
Childs is a stocking associate. Essex is a lifeguard. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mixson is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Abbate is a model. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the new year party, Mixson, Abbate, Essex, and Childs met. Some people are less interested in the party, others play up their personalities with random people to try to get in on the fun and be heard! She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1970
Colon is a model. Kromer is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Snook is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Mcmichael is a labourer. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. At the commuter bus, Snook, Colon, Kromer, and Mcmichael connected. Transportation by subway takes a few minutes to walk about the city. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1971
The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Mineo is a labourer. Dakin is a dentist. Loftin is a factory worker. Vanderford is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. At the charity car wash, Dakin, Loftin, Mineo, and Vanderford met. The event is still scheduled at the end of May for a crowd of around 200. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1972
The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Escalona is a labourer. Houchens is an optician. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Tolman is a nurse. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Desouza is a model. At the high intensity class, Escalona, Tolman, Houchens, and Desouza started a conversation. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. He told anecdotes from a career of working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1973
The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Dahlberg is a lecturer. Tope is a plumber. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Harber is a hairdresser. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. Skowronski is a nurse. At the local talk, Tope, Skowronski, Dahlberg, and Harber met. The event is available in English, French and Spanish for $ 10 -LRB- on Monday October 21st -RRB-. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1974
Polley is a carpenter. Grimmer is a plumber. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Copp is a factory worker. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hensler is a model. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. At the concert, Hensler, Copp, Grimmer, and Polley ran into each other. Participation is the best way is to get the most out of these festivals! He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work repairing the water systems or pipes.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1975
Lubin is a lecturer. Lechuga is a carpenter. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Odom is a bus driver. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Foutz is a newsreader. At the local talk, Lechuga, Foutz, Lubin, and Odom met. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1976
Jarrard is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Overholt is a bus driver. Hosch is an accountant. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Tindell is a mechanic. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Jarrard, Tindell, Hosch, and Overholt met at the crossfit class. All the group members have the freedom to get together. He reflected on whether driving buses for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1977
The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Guard is a lecturer. Gandhi is a nurse. Reinert is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Birge is an accountant. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. At the fundraiser, Gandhi, Reinert, Guard, and Birge met. The main reason for visiting these places is to explore new areas of the city. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1978
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Butters is a teacher. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Deltoro is a lecturer. Essex is a nurse. Talamantez is a labourer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the power yoga class, Deltoro, Butters, Talamantez, and Essex met. In the yoga class, one can sit on the grass or just sit or hold two chairs in a circle and breathe the whole time. Ze was relieved to unwind after a long day at work passing knowledge to students at school.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1979
Ferrera is an optician. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Escandon is a stocking associate. Fleming is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Files is a traffic warden. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. At the public park, Escandon, Ferrera, Fleming, and Files started a conversation. The park has a park toilet as well! She told anecdotes from a career of unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1980
Crum is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Ashworth is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Fitz is a lifeguard. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Mulder is a nurse. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. At the ski resort party, Fitz, Crum, Ashworth, and Mulder ran into each other. The party is a chance at discovering and supporting the local economy, local businesses and local musicians. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1981
The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Cron is a teacher. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mckeever is a labourer. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Sadowski is a nurse. Peraza is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Sadowski, Cron, Peraza, and Mckeever met at the volunteer work. For volunteers, the benefits, by any common - sense definition, do n't always equal the cost of a day of food support. She reflected on whether passing knowledge to students at school for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1982
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Guard is a bus driver. Yepes is an optician. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Giguere is a traffic warden. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Hering is a carpenter. At the bar, Hering, Guard, Yepes, and Giguere ran into each other. A great, comfortable location for a relaxed bar. They reflected on whether making things from wood including houses and furniture for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1983
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. Bostic is a teacher. Schoon is a hairdresser. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. Forgione is a chef. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. Loring is an optician. At the french class, Bostic, Loring, Schoon, and Forgione started a conversation. People should check out the classes online, it wo n't be boring! She told anecdotes from a career of checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1984
Hammon is a carpenter. Brodersen is a chef. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Thornley is an accountant. The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Doolan is a dentist. At the cooking class, Hammon, Doolan, Brodersen, and Thornley met. The classes teach the same number of skills expected in a business class. Ze told anecdotes from a career of making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1985
Burmeister is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a plumber is repairing the water systems or pipes. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Seale is a factory worker. Wanamaker is a plumber. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Bales is a labourer. At the commuter bus, Wanamaker, Seale, Burmeister, and Bales connected. Public transports are affordable. She reflected on whether repairing the water systems or pipes for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1986
The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Mcmillen is a traffic warden. Vandiver is a bus driver. Sepulveda is a nurse. Ajayi is a factory worker. Sepulveda, Ajayi, Mcmillen, and Vandiver met at the high intensity class. The classes are structured for beginners, and in some cases for people who wish to learn more or have more time. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1987
Corral is a lecturer. Geist is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Vidrio is a mechanic. Kardos is a hairdresser. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. At the concert, Corral, Geist, Kardos, and Vidrio connected. It is located in the basement of the Museum of Magic in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ey was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1988
The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. Cerritos is a hairdresser. Burmeister is a teacher. Glascock is a lifeguard. Waites is a stocking associate. The work of a hairdresser is cutting hair and giving it a new style. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. At the design expo, Cerritos, Waites, Burmeister, and Glascock met. It takes time to develop the cultural component of a event, particularly in an already huge city. She reflected on whether supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1989
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. Malagon is a factory worker. Monreal is a traffic warden. Rosenberg is a model. Pippen is a bus driver. Pippen, Monreal, Malagon, and Rosenberg met at the beach. There is another side of the ocean, in the form of a beach known as a' Pill Road'. He reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1990
Sippel is a lecturer. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Munn is an optician. Hutto is a stocking associate. Kouba is a factory worker. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. At the food festival, Munn, Kouba, Sippel, and Hutto started a conversation. It is held in the South - west of Glasgow at 10 pm and ends at 3 pm. He told anecdotes from a career of giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1991
Alewine is a newsreader. The work of a nurse is helping medical professionals look after the sick or injured. Mclemore is a factory worker. Weatherby is a stocking associate. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Delcampo is a nurse. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. At the high intensity class, Mclemore, Alewine, Weatherby, and Delcampo met. Classes take place every week at the downtown campus. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work working in a factory.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1992
The work of an accountant is working with the money and accounts of a company. Hathaway is a traffic warden. Cramer is an electrician. Hesson is an accountant. Tun is a labourer. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a traffic warden is patrolling areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place. At the open mic night, Hathaway, Hesson, Tun, and Cramer started a conversation. The event is free and open to all people. Ey reflected on whether working with the money and accounts of a company for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1993
The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. The work of an electrician is working with electric circuits. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. Yawn is a lecturer. Tovar is a newsreader. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. Armentrout is a model. Ramseur is an electrician. At the new year party, Yawn, Ramseur, Tovar, and Armentrout started a conversation. The party is usually a happy - go - lucky night, and the people at the party are also happy with each other. He was relieved to unwind after a long day at work giving lectures in a university.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1994
The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. Carney is a lecturer. Manns is a labourer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Kime is a factory worker. Oddo is a carpenter. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. At the market, Manns, Kime, Carney, and Oddo ran into each other. People from across the country are encouraged to join. She reflected on whether working in a factory for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1995
Herbst is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Hughley is a bus driver. Lambeth is a lecturer. The work of a lecturer is giving lectures in a university. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Krom is a labourer. At the charity car wash, Lambeth, Herbst, Krom, and Hughley ran into each other. This event is to help make the community a better place. She told anecdotes from a career of supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1996
Sowers is a lifeguard. The work of a lifeguard is supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mendelsohn is a factory worker. The work of a factory worker is working in a factory. Banuelos is a labourer. Garrard is a stocking associate. At the volunteer work, Banuelos, Sowers, Garrard, and Mendelsohn connected. It is nice to take time out of the busy schedules and give something back to the community. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work supervising the safety and rescue of swimmers at a beach or swimming pool.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1997
Stockard is a stocking associate. Baros is a labourer. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. The work of a bus driver is driving buses. Province is a carpenter. Boese is a bus driver. The work of a carpenter is making things from wood including houses and furniture. The work of a labourer is working at a construction site and finding efficient ways to complete physical tasks. Stockard, Province, Boese, and Baros met at the bar. The other items that are great here are the coffee creamer. She was relieved to unwind after a long day at work making things from wood including houses and furniture.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1998
The work of a teacher is passing knowledge to students at school. The work of a newsreader is reading and reporting the news on television. The work of a dentist is fixing and treating problems with teeth. Jacome is a teacher. Lago is a dentist. The work of a mechanic is troubleshooting and identifying problems with vehicles including cars and trucks professionally. Hovland is a mechanic. Saine is a newsreader. At the music festival, Hovland, Jacome, Lago, and Saine connected. The festival is run by the United Methodist Church. She reflected on whether fixing and treating problems with teeth for a living was a good career choice.

kitmus/background-both/subtask_4_ents/full-text/train:1999
The work of an optician is checking and correcting any problems with eyes and eye sight. Montesinos is a chef. The work of a stocking associate is unpacking merchandise when it arrives at the warehouse. Mengel is a stocking associate. Chauhan is a model. The work of a model is working in fashion and modeling clothes and accessories. Davalos is an optician. The work of a chef is preparing food for others in a restaurant. At the crossfit class, Davalos, Montesinos, Mengel, and Chauhan connected. The class has interesting sessions. Ze reflected on whether preparing food for others in a restaurant for a living was a good career choice.
